---
title: About Ad Extensions
ms.service: msa-help
ms.subservice: msa-general
ms.topic: article
author: jonmeyers
ms.author: jonmeyers
ms.date: 6/18/2026
description: Add additional information about your business to your ads with ad extensions.
---

# About ad extensions

> [!NOTE]
> Ad extensions aren't supported for Audience campaigns. However, ad extensions may serve in Search ads delivered in audience placements.

Ad extensions are additional pieces of information about your business that you can add to your ads, such as a phone number or a link to a specific page on your website. Ad extensions are free to add and only charge for any clicks you get. Including ad extensions can improve the visibility of your ads, which can lead to more clicks and improve your return on investment.

Our algorithms optimize and balance the needs of users, advertisers, and constraints of the search results page. Our algorithms choose the best layout for each ad by evaluating hundreds of possible combinations based on all available extension data, allocated space, and the positive impact it can provide for advertiser and user. Standard performance reports are also available for all extensions. Learn how to [create a report](hlp_BA_PROC_CreateReport.md).

> [!NOTE]
> Any ad extensions associated at the ad group level will override ad extensions associated at the account or campaign levels.

Even if an ad extension is eligible to serve, it's not always guaranteed to serve. Whether an extension serves depends on a number of factors. Here are a few listed below:

- The relevance and quality of your ad
- The relevance and quality of the extension data provided
- Ad space availability on the page
- User signals, like location, device used, etc.
- Other extensions you enabled for your ad
- Availability of extension data for competing ads

> [!NOTE]
> **Best practice:** Providing extension data allows our algorithms to evaluate all the possible layouts for your ad. It increases the chances of additional space being allocated and increasing clicks for your ad.

## Ad extension types

Microsoft Advertising supports the ad extension types as summarized below. See the **Learn more** links for details about each extension and availability per market.

- **Action extension:** An action extension is a call to action button in your text ad. You can select from a preset list of action types, which will then add a button to your ad that allows customers to interact with the ad to place an order, send a message, and more. [Learn more](hlp_BA_PROC_AddActionExtension.md)
- **App extension:** Add an app extension to promote your apps across PCs, tablets, and smartphones from your ad. Promoting app installs in your ad increases downloads and usage of your apps, as well as website visits. Unlike sitelink extensions, app extensions automatically detect a customer's device and operating system and take them directly to the correct app store. [Learn more](hlp_BA_CONC_AdExtensionAppExtension.md)
- **Call extension:** By using a call extension, you can provide a phone number that is not associated with a particular location, but is appropriate for all locations where your ads display. [Learn more](hlp_BA_PROC_AddCallExtension.md)
- **Callout extension:** Callout extensions provide an extra snippet of text that highlights your website's products or offers. This extension is not clickable and can appear in addition to your ad's description. Providing additional details about your website can make your ad more relevant to potential customers. [Learn more](hlp_BA_PROC_AddCalloutExtension.md)
- **Filter link extension:** Use filter link extensions to list multiple categories of products or features with unique links to each of these offerings. Easily combined with other extensions, filter link extensions can enlarge your ad format even further and present multiple avenues to different parts of your site, in addition to your final URL. [Learn more](hlp_BA_PROC_AddFilterLinkExtension.md)
- **Flyer extension:** Use flyer extensions to showcase your business's products, deals, and sale events. Flyer extensions display images (flyers) of your chosen products and promotions, providing potential customers with more information and increasing engagement.
- **Image extension:** Add visual elements to your ad with image extensions. Providing visual elements to your ads helps them stand out and gives customers a better idea of what to expect when they select your ad. If you don't have any image extensions associated with your ad group, we'll apply autogenerated image extensions to them to enhance ad performance and make your ads more compelling to customers. [Learn more](hlp_BA_PROC_AddImageExtension.md)

  > [!NOTE]
  > Not everyone has autogenerated image extensions yet. If you don't, don't worry—it's coming soon!
- **Location extension:** When you enable a location extension, you can choose to show the address of your business location that is closest to the customer and also include a local phone number. Better yet, if the customer is viewing your ad on a smartphone, they can select that number to give you a call. [Learn more](hlp_BA_PROC_AddLocationExtension.md)
- **Logo extension:** Promote your brand and stand out from the competition by displaying eye-catching logo extensions in your ads. [Learn more](hlp_BA_PROC_AddLogoExtension.md)
- **Price extension:** Price extensions are pay-per-click extensions that display your products or services with their corresponding prices to potential customers on PC and mobile devices. [Learn more](hlp_BA_PROC_AddPriceExtension.md)
- **Promotion extension:** Use promotion extensions to highlight deals for holidays and other special occasions. If you, for instance, want to highlight a Summer Sale using promotion extensions, you can include a promotion code along with the offer and expiration date. [Learn more](hlp_BA_PROC_AddPromotionExtension.md)
- **Review extension:** Potential customers like to know about other customers' experiences when searching for products or services. Share positive reviews from a reputable third-party source about your website in your ads with a review extension. You can paraphrase or use a direct quote from the source. [Learn more](hlp_BA_PROC_AddReviewExtension.md)
- **Sitelink extension:** Sitelink extensions are additional links in your ads that take customers to specific pages on your website. This allows you to promote certain products, services, or sections of your website and take potential customers to the exact information they were searching for. This can increase both click-through-rate and conversions. [Learn more](hlp_BA_PROC_AddSitelinkExtension.md)
- **Structured snippet extension**: Give potential customers more context on a specific aspect of your products and services. [Learn more](hlp_BA_PROC_AddStructuredSnippetExtension.md)
- **Video extension**: Video extensions are an interactive way to demonstrate products, services, and brand messages. [Learn more](hlp_BA_PROC_AddVideoExtension.md)

See the sections below for the steps to create and associate ad extensions with accounts, campaigns, and ad groups.

## Create a new ad extension

Ad extensions can be created at the **Account**, **Campaign**, and **Ad Group** levels. As described in the steps below, choose **Account** to associate the extension with your account, and then you can associate the extension with campaigns and ad groups later as needed.

The steps to create ad extensions is the same for each ad extension type, with this exception: Call extensions can only be associated with campaigns and aren't shown at the account or ad group level. Follow the example steps below to associate a promotion extension.

1. From the navigation menu on the left, hover over **Campaigns** and select **Ads & extensions** > **Extensions**.
1. Select **Account** to associate the extension with your account.

   > [!NOTE]
   > You can associate extensions with campaigns and ad groups later as needed.
1. From the extensions dropdown list box, select **Promotion Extensions**.
1. Select **Create Ad Extension** > **Add new Promotion Extension**.
1. Enter the extension details in the **Add new Promotion Extension** panel that opens on the right.
1. Select **Save**. The new extension is added and shown in the **Selected Promotion Extensions** list.
1. On the main page, select **Save** to finish adding the extension to your account.

> [!NOTE]
> On the same page, you can select the checkbox next to an ad extension and then edit or delete it.

## Associate an ad extension with accounts, campaigns, and ad groups

You can associate ad extensions at the ad group, campaign, or account level. When ad extensions from higher levels in your account are predicted to improve your performance, they are eligible to serve alongside extensions of the same type from lower levels. We recommend that you associate extensions at a level that makes sense for your account and ensure they're relevant for any subsequent levels.

As described in the steps below, choose the **Campaign** or **Ad Group** level to associate an ad extension with campaigns or ad groups.

> [!NOTE]
> Call extensions can only be associated with campaigns and they are only shown at the **Campaign** level.

1. From the navigation menu on the left, hover over **Campaigns** and select **Ads & extensions** > **Extensions**.
1. Select **Campaign** to associate an extension with campaigns or you can select **Ad Group** to associate an extension with ad groups.
1. From the extensions dropdown list box, select **Promotion Extensions**.
1. Select **Create Ad Extension** and then select the campaign(s) or ad group(s) you want to add the extension(s) to.
1. Select **Done**.
1. From the **Available Promotion Extensions** list, select the extension(s) that you want to associate with the campaign(s) or ad group(s). Optionally, you can create a new extension and then select it from the list.
1. Select **Save** to apply the association.

## Edit an ad extension

1. From the navigation menu on the left, hover over **Campaigns** and select **Ads & extensions** > **Extensions**.
1. Select the type of extension you'd like to edit from the dropdown list.
1. Choose whether you'd like to edit the extension at the **Account**, **Campaign**, or **Ad group** level.
1. Select the checkbox next to the appropriate extension.
1. Select **Edit**.
1. Select **Edit an extension**.
1. Make your edits.
1. Select **Save**.

## View an existing ad extension

1. From the navigation menu on the left, hover over **Campaigns** and select **Ads & extensions** > **Extensions**.
1. Choose the extension type you want to view from the dropdown menu.
1. Select the **Account**, **Campaign**, or **Ad group** tabs to locate the specific extension you want to review.

## Delete an ad extension association

1. From the navigation menu on the left, hover over **Campaigns** and select **Ads & extensions** > **Extensions**.
1. Select the type of extension you'd like to delete from the dropdown list.
1. Choose whether you'd like to delete the extension at the **Account**, **Campaign**, or **Ad group** level.
1. Select the checkbox next to the appropriate extension.
1. Select **Edit**.
1. Select **Delete association**.

> [!NOTE]
> > [!NOTE]
> > If you delete an extension association, it will remain visible in the UI and you will not be able to associate it with your ads.

## Ad extension association limits

An account can contain up to 200,000 sitelink extensions and can contain up to 150,000 ad extensions of all other types combined. The entity (account, campaign, or ad group) to ad extension association limit varies by the extension type.

| Ad extension type | Association limit per entity |
| --- | --- |
| **Action extension** | 20 |
| **App extension** | Up to the total number of app extensions in your account |
| **Call extension** | 1 |
| **Callout extension** | 20 |
| **Filter link extension** | 20 |
| **Image extension** | 6 |
| **Location extension** | Up to the total number of location extensions in your account |
| **Logo extension** | 1 |
| **Price extension** | 20 |
| **Promotion extension** | 20 |
| **Review extension** | 20 |
| **Sitelink extension** | 20 |
| **Structured snippet extension** | 20 |

> [!NOTE]
> Want expert advice on your ads? [Schedule a no-cost session with a personal Microsoft Advertising consultant](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?linkid=837456)

## Related videos

- [Microsoft Advertising's ad extensions](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nBl_BGGa5bQ)
