---
title: About Premium Streaming Campaigns
ms.service: msa-help
ms.subservice: msa-general
ms.topic: article
author: jonmeyers
ms.author: jonmeyers
ms.date: 6/18/2026
description: Learn how to create Premium Streaming campaigns.
---

# About Premium Streaming campaigns

> [!NOTE]
> - Learn more about where [Premium Streaming campaigns are available](hlp_BA_CONC_Countries.md).
> - Neither CTV (connected TV) nor Premium Streaming supports conversion tracking. Don't worry—it's coming soon!

Premium Streaming campaigns are designed to help you engage and captivate your audience while driving recognition, boosting visibility, and expanding your Video ad reach. Premium Streaming campaigns show on high-value, premium streaming services, such as Paramount, Roku, LG, Samsung, Rakuten, etc. (Some inventory is only available in certain markets.) Simply upload your high-quality video assets or allow Copilot to create videos for you.

Premium Streaming campaigns are eligible to appear across all CTV (connected TV) and OTT (over-the-top, a media delivery/distribution method for film and TV content over the internet). OTT includes computers, mobile devices, and tablets. CTV is a subset of OTT and refers to devices like smart TVs and gaming consoles.

## About Premium Streaming campaigns

Premium Streaming enables advertisers to show broadcast-quality Video ads on premium streaming services, such as Paramount, Roku, LG, Samsung, Rakuten, etc. The placement of your ads is determined by:

- Your video's specifications and quality (videos should be broadcast-quality—learn more about the technical requirements [Technical requirements for Premium Streaming campaigns](#technical-requirements-for-premium-streaming-campaigns)).
- Your targeting settings (your targeting shouldn't be too restrictive, as you want to maximize your possible video impressions and views).
- Your budget and bids.

You may choose to target by genre; however, please note that not all publishers have genre targeting. You can review your genre targeting performance by creating a report: From the navigation menu on the left, select **Reporting** > **Templates** > **Targeting and Placements** > **Genre**.

### Budgets and bids for Premium Streaming

Keep in mind that your **Daily budget** and **Default bid** should act in tandem to make a successful campaign. If you set too low of a **Daily budget**, it will cap how many impressions you receive each day. If you set too low of a **Default bid**, it will hinder your ability to win in the ad auction even if you've set a higher **Daily budget**.

## Best practices for successful Premium Streaming campaigns

- Ensure that you're uploading [high-quality video assets](#technical-requirements-for-premium-streaming-campaigns) or take advantage of Copilot's autogenerated, three-star quality videos based on images from your Final URL with text overlays and sound.
- Your **Daily budget** and **Default bid** should act in tandem to make a successful campaign.
- Capture your audience's attention in ten seconds or less—time that is critical for landing your message.
- Design for sound off. People choose to watch videos with sound off in many situations. Use text, graphics, and captions whenever possible.
- Map your video to your campaign objectives. If you're looking to drive awareness, focus on content that inspires and tells a story about your brand. For consideration, talk about your solutions and how your brand is positioned in the marketplace. For conversion, provide more information about the products or services to drive to engagement or sales.

## Get started

- **Create a Premium Streaming campaign**

  1. From the navigation menu on the left, select **Create**.
  1. Choose **Build brand awareness** as your campaign goal or select **Skip** and choose **Premium streaming**.
  1. Choose **Premium streaming** below Select a campaign type.
  1. Select **Continue**.
  1. Enter the **Final URL**.
  1. Add a video. You can choose from **Existing videos** or **Upload** a new video from your computer or from a URL where the video file can be directly downloaded. You may also choose to allow Copilot to create your video for you by selecting **Recommended videos** in the step below.

     > [!NOTE]
     > Copilot assembles 15-second, three-star quality videos based on images from your **Final URL** with text overlays and sound.
  1. Optionally, below **Recommended videos**, you can choose to add Copilot-generated videos (horizontal or vertical) to your ads.

     1. As you add videos, the Ad preview area on the right side of the page will update to give you an idea of what your Video ads could look like. Select the arrows on either side of the Ad preview area to scroll through the different possible placements.
     1. Select the pencil icon to edit your videos. When editing your videos, you can adjust the scene's **Business name**, **Logo**, **Text**, and **Image**. If you've been enabled to use [video templates in Ads Studio](hlp_BA_CONC_AdStudio.md), then you have the option to edit these video elements:

        - For **Assets**, you can edit the **Logo**, **Image**, and **Text**.
        - For **Style**, you can edit the **Background color**, **Font color**, **Font**, and **Font weight**.
        - For **Audio**, you can choose the **Music** that you'd like to play in your video.

        > [!NOTE]
        > Not everyone has video templates in Ads Studio yet. If you don't, don't worry—it's coming soon!
     1. Select **Apply** when you're finished editing your videos.
  1. Select **Save & go to next step**.
  1. Enter the **Ad group name**.
  1. Enter the **Default bid**.

     > [!NOTE]
     > You must set your **Default bid** between $0.20 and $0.01. If you set too low of a **Default bid**, it will hinder your ability to win in the ad auction.
  1. Optionally, turn on the **Frequency limit** toggle to limit how often a potential customer sees your ad. You can choose to limit how many times a customer sees your ad per hour, day, and week.

     > [!NOTE]
     > You will be able to view reports for your frequency limit soon.
  1. Choose your **Age**, **Gender**, **Audience**, **Ad schedule**, **Genre**, and **Device** targeting.

     > [!NOTE]
     > If you want to target specific days/times in your **Ad schedule**, you'll need to adjust your **Daily budget** and **Default bid** accordingly to account for the fluctuation to maintain optimal campaign performance. For example, if your goal is to show ads during peak or prime times, you'll likely want to increase your **Daily budget** and your **Default bid** to maximize your ability to show ads during those times.
  1. Select **Save & go to the next step**.
  1. Enter the **Campaign name**.
  1. Enter the **Budget**.

     > [!NOTE]
     > Your budget must be more than 25.00 USD. Set an appropriate budget that will help maximize your video impressions. Keep in mind that your **Daily budget** and **Default bid** should act in tandem to make a successful campaign.
  1. The **Bid strategy** will be **CPCV (cost per completed view)**.

     > [!NOTE]
     > With CPCV (cost per completed view), we optimize your bids based on the cost you want to pay per completed view of a Video ad.
  1. Select **Save & go to the next step**.
  1. Review your campaign in the Summary page.
  1. Select **Go live** or **Don't go live**.

- **Measure your Premium Streaming campaign's performance**

  In addition to standard ad campaign metrics, you can review your Premium Streaming campaign's performance using a variety of video-specific metrics.

  | Metric | Definition |
  | --- | --- |
  | **Average CPV** | Total spend divided by video views |
  | **Video views at 25%** | Number of times a video has been viewed to at least 25% completion |
  | **Video views at 50%** | Number of times a video has been viewed to at least 50% completion |
  | **Video views at 75%** | Number of times a video has been viewed to at least 75% completion |
  | **Completed video views** | Number of times a video has been viewed to completion |
  | **Video completion rate** | Completed video views divided by total number of impressions |
  | **Genre** | The genre(s) you chose to target with your Premium Streaming campaign. You can find out which genre targets have the best ad performance. |

  <a id="technical-requirements-for-premium-streaming-campaigns"></a>

## Technical requirements for Premium Streaming campaigns

Based on your video's quality, the placements where your Premium Streaming are eligible to serve may vary. There are three video quality ratings—[one star](#One), [two stars](#two-stars), and [three stars](#three-stars). The technical requirements for each are listed below.

<a id="One"></a>

**One star**

Your video meets our minimum requirements and it's eligible to appear across some video placements. Upload a higher quality video to access more placements.

*Technical requirements*

- **Duration:** The duration must be one of the following: 6 seconds (minimum), 15 seconds, 30 seconds, 45 seconds, 60 seconds, 75 seconds, or 90 seconds (maximum).
- **Supported file formats:** MP4, MOV, WEBM, MKV, VOB, OGV, OGG, AVI, QT, WMV, RM, ASF, M4P, M4V, MPG, MP2, MPEG, MPE, MPV, M2V, 3GP, 3G2, SWF, and TS.
- **Video bitrate:** 2,500+ kbps.
- **Video resolution:** Must be one of the following: 360 x 640, 640 x 360, 540 x 960, 720 x 960, 960 x 720, 720 x 1280, 1280 x 720, 1440 x 1080, 1080 x 1920, or 1920 x 1080
- **Recommended maximum file size:** 2 GB.
- **Recommended video frame rate:** 23.976, 24, 25, 29.97, and 30 fps.
- **Recommended audio bitrate:** 128+ Kbps.
- **Recommended audio format:** Audio sample rate 44.1 or 48 Khz.
- **Recommended aspect ratio:** 4:3, 9:16, and 16:9.

<a id="two-stars"></a>

**Two stars**

Your video's quality is good and it's eligible to appear across most video placements. Upload a higher quality video to access more premium placements.

*Technical requirements*

- **Duration:** The duration must be one of the following: 15 seconds, 30 seconds, 45 seconds, 60 seconds, 75 seconds, or 90 seconds.
- **Supported file formats:** MP4 (preferred) and MOV.
- **Video bitrate:** 8,000+ kbps.
- **Video resolution:** Must be one of the following: 720 x 1280, 1280 x 720, 1080 x 1920, 1920 x 1080, or 1440 x 1080.
- **Recommended maximum file size:** 2 GB.
- **Recommended video frame rate:** 23.976, 24, 25, 29.97, and 30 fps.
- **Recommended audio bitrate:** 192+ Kbps.
- **Recommended audio format:** Audio sample rate 44.1 or 48 Khz.
- **Recommended aspect ratio:** 9:16 and 16:9.

<a id="three-stars"></a>

**Three stars**

Your video's quality is excellent and it's eligible to appear across all video placements, including our most premium placements.

*Technical requirements*

- **Duration:** The duration must be one of the following: 10 seconds, 15 seconds, 20 seconds, 30 seconds, 45 seconds, 60 seconds, 75 seconds, or 90 seconds.
- **Supported file formats:** MP4 (preferred) and MOV.
- **Video bitrate:** 10,000+ kbps (minimum), 40,000-80,000+kbps (preferred for all premium streaming publishers and all streaming devices).
- **Video resolution:** Must be one of the following: 720 x 1280, 1280 x 720, 1080 x 1920, 1920 x 1080, or 1440 x 1080.
- **Recommended maximum file size:** 2 GB.
- **Recommended video frame rate:** 23.976, 24, 25, 29.97, and 30 fps.
- **Recommended audio bitrate:** 192+ Kbps.
- **Recommended audio format:** Audio sample rate 48 Khz.
- **Recommended aspect ratio:** 9:16 and 16:9.
- **Recommended audio sample size:** 16 or 24 bits.
- **Recommended audio channels:** Two (stereo).
- **Recommended audio codec:** PCM or AAC-LC.
- **Recommended track conformance:** File should contain only one video and one audio track.
- **Recommended duration conformance:** Video and audio track durations should match with tolerance of 500 ms.

## Video policies

Video ads must follow the [Microsoft Advertising Network policies](hlp_BA_CONC_Policy_Introduction.md).

## Related videos

- [Watch the video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bJFLF0UV0uQ)
