---
title: How Do I Create an Audience Campaign?
description: With Audience campaigns, you have the option to create a campaign that serves one ad type or multiple ad types.
ms.date: 5/30/2026
ms.service: msa-help
ms.subservice: msa-general
ms.topic: article
author: jonmeyers
ms.author: jonmeyers
---

# How do I create an Audience campaign?

> [!NOTE]
> This feature is available in [all Microsoft Advertising markets](hlp_BA_CONC_Countries.md).

With [Audience campaigns](hlp_BA_CONC_NativeAds.md), you have the option to create a campaign that serves one ad type or multiple ad types. Audience campaigns can help you save time by allowing you to create a combination of ad types ([Display](hlp_BA_CONC_DisplayAds.md), [Native](hlp_BA_PROC_CreateNative.md), and/or [Video](hlp_BA_CONC_AboutVideoAds.md)) in a single campaign with ease. This drives flexibility for advertisers who want to use a single budget for a campaign that serves multiple Audience ad types, or those who'd like to use a separate budget for a campaign that serves one ad type. If you choose to combine multiple ad types in the same campaign, then your ads will share budget and targeting settings. All audience targeting and Audience campaign settings are available for each ad type.

See [Troubleshooting Audience campaign issues](#troubleshooting-audience-campaign-issues) for information on troubleshooting Audience campaign issues.

## Create an Audience campaign

- **1. Create your campaign and choose the ad type**

  1. From the navigation menu on the left, select **Create**.
  1. Choose **Build brand awareness**, **Drive conversions**, or **Generate leads** as your campaign goal. If you don't have a goal in mind, you can select **Skip**.
  1. Select **Audience** as your campaign type.
  1. Below **Political advertising declaration**, you need to declare whether your campaign is intended for political advertising. If your campaign isn't intended for political advertising, select the checkbox next to **By selecting Continue, I confirm that this campaign is not intended for political advertising**. [Learn more about how we define political advertising.](hlp_BA_CONC_Policy_RestrictedPolitical.md)
  1. Select **Continue**.
  1. Choose **Display ad**, **Native ad**, or **Video ad** as your first ad type.
  1. The campaign creation wizard will then walk you through the process.

- **2. Add your creative assets**

  The creative assets available during ad creation depend on whether you're creating a [Display ad](#DisplayAdCreation), [Native ad](#NativeAdCreation), or [Video ad](#VideoAdCreation):

  <a id="DisplayAdCreation"></a>

  - **Add your creative assets to Display ads**

    1. Enter your **Final URL**. This is your landing page URL—in other words, the URL of the page that displays after a customer selects your ad.
    1. (Optional) Below **AI-generated creatives**, you can choose to add our autogenerated **Recommended creatives** to your display ads.

       If you chose to add **Recommended creatives**:

       1. Once you select a creative, you can choose the display placements where you want it to serve. Select the arrows on either side of the Ad preview area to scroll through the different possible placements.
       1. Select the pencil icon to edit your creatives. When editing your creatives, you can adjust the **Text**, **Call to action**, and **Image**. You can also replace the image by choosing from the **Recommended images** or adding an image from the Ads Studio.
       1. Select **Apply** when you're finished editing the creative.
    1. If you don't choose to use our **AI-generated creatives**, you can add a **Creative** from the Asset library. If you're enabled for **HTML5**, you can add an HTML5 ZIP file instead. [Learn more about HTML5](hlp_BA_CONC_DisplayAds.md).
    1. From the dropdown, choose which display placement you'd like your ad to serve in.
    1. (Optional) Enter your **Tag URL** under **Third-party measurement** and select **Save**.
    1. Select **Create another ad**.
    1. Choose **Display ad**, **Native ad**, or **Video ad**.
    1. Follow the steps provided by the campaign wizard.
    1. When you're finished creating your ads, select **Save & go to next step**.

    <a id="NativeAdCreation"></a>

  - **Add your creative assets to Native ads**

    1. Enter your **Final URL**. This is your landing page URL—in other words, the URL of the page that displays after a customer selects your ad.
    1. Below **Images**, add the images you want to appear in your ad.

       1. Choose whether to use an image from your **Website images**, pick one of our available **Stock images**, or upload an image.

          > [!NOTE]
          > You cannot upload more than 5,000 images to a Microsoft Advertising account.
       1. When you've found the right image, select it.
       1. You'll see how we have cropped the image for the possible aspect ratios for native ads. If you want to change the imagery for any specific aspect ratio, select its pencil icon and select either **Re-crop** or **Replace**.
    1. (Optional) Select **Add logos**. Adding logos to your ads allows you to better showcase your brand and reach potential customers. <br> <br> **Logo dimensions** <br>

       > [!NOTE]
       > You can add up to 5 logos. Your logos can use both 4:1 and 1:1 aspect ratios. You can choose which aspect ratios you want when adding your logos. We will crop your logos in your chosen aspect ratios. Your selected logos will appear in the thumbnail list below **Logos**.

       To re-crop your logos, select the pencil icon below your logo in the thumbnail list.

       Your logos must meet the minimum dimensions in pixels for the following aspect ratios:

       | Aspect ratio | Minimum dimensions (pixels) |
       | --- | --- |
       | **1 : 1** | 128 x 128 |
       | **4 : 1** | 512 x 128 |
    1. Enter your **Short headlines (up to 15)**, **Long headlines (up to five)**, and **Descriptions (up to five)**. You need a minimum of one **Short headline**, one **Long headline**, and one **Description** per ad. These are required for display flexibility. Short headlines must be 40 characters or fewer; long headlines and descriptions must be 90 characters or fewer. Depending on your native ad's placement, the Description will appear below or adjacent to your ad's long or short headline.
    1. Enter your **Business name**. Depending on your native ad's placement, your business name may appear in your native ad.
    1. (Optional) Under advanced settings, enter your **Mobile URL**. This is the webpage where people go to after selecting your ad on a mobile device.
    1. (Optional) Choose a **Call to action** from the predefined list. This will provide potential customers with a brief, compelling reason for them to select your ad right now.

       > [!NOTE]
       > “Automated” is the default option for your **Call to action**. If you don't choose a **Call to action** from the predefined list, then it will be automated by default during ad delivery. This means that we'll automatically choose your **Call to action** and the language it serves in.
    1. (Optional) Select **Advanced URL options** to include [tracking templates or URL parameters](hlp_BA_CONC_UpgradeURL_URLParameters.md) in your final URL.
    1. (Optional) Set up your **Impression tracking URLs**.
    1. (Optional) Enter your **Tag URL** under **Third-party measurement** and select **Save**.
    1. Select **Create another ad**.
    1. Choose **Display ad**, **Native ad**, or **Video ad**.
    1. Follow the steps provided by the campaign wizard.
    1. When you're finished creating your ads, select **Save & go to next step**.

    <a id="VideoAdCreation"></a>

  - **Add your creative assets to Video ads**

    1. Enter your **Final URL**. This is your landing page URL—in other words, the URL of the page that displays after a customer selects your ad.
    1. Select **Add video**. You can choose from **Existing videos** or **Upload** a new video from your PC or from a URL where the video file can be directly downloaded. You may also choose to add our **Recommended videos** in the step below.
    1. (Optional) Below **Recommended videos**, you can choose to add our autogenerated videos to your ads.

       If you chose to add **Recommended videos**:

       1. As you add videos, the Ad preview area on the right side of the page will update to give you an idea of what your Video ads could look like. Select the arrows on either side of the Ad preview area to scroll through the different possible placements.
       1. Select the pencil icon to edit your videos. When editing your videos, you can adjust the scene's **Business name**, **Logo**, **Text**, and **Image**.
       1. Select **Apply** when you're finished editing your videos.
    1. Choose from the list of **Third-party partners** below **Third-party measurement** if you want to [connect third-party measurement to your Video ad](hlp_BA_CONC_ConnectingThirdParty.md).
    1. Enter your **Tag URL** if you chose to connect third-party measurement to your ad.
    1. Select **Create another ad**.
    1. Choose **Display ad**, **Native ad**, or **Video ad**.
    1. Follow the steps provided by the campaign wizard.
    1. When you're finished creating your ads, select **Save & go to next step**.

<a id="AdGroupsAudiencesTargets"></a>

- **3. Choose your audience and targeting**

  Create an ad group for this campaign and choose the audiences you want the ads in the ad group to target. Manual targeting is available in the existing campaign creation experience. In the new campaign creation experience, you have the option to use Copilot to target your audience, and it'll help choose audience settings based on your prompt.

  - **Use Copilot to target your audience**

    > [!NOTE]
    > Not everyone has this feature yet. If you don't, don't worry—it's coming soon!

    1. Below **Targeting**, select **Add prompt** next to **Use Copilot to target the right audience**.
    1. Describe your ideal customers for your campaign.
    1. Select **Generate**.
    1. Below **Audience generation**, review your settings.
    1. If you want to make changes, select **Edit prompt**. Otherwise, select **Apply** to save them to your campaign.

  - **Use manual targeting**

    You can choose any combination of the possible target criteria:

    ## FAQ

    - **In-market audiences**

      Learn more about in-market audiences

    - **Location**

      - United States and Canada
      - All available countries/regions
      - Selected countries/regions and states/provinces
      - Selected counties within the United States
      - Selected cities, metro areas, and postal codes* within Australia, Canada, France, Germany, United Kingdom, United States

        > [!NOTE]
        > - *Not all postal codes are supported for targeting exactly within their boundaries. If you target an unsupported postal code, it will be converted into a radius target (see below).*
        > - *For Canadian and UK postal codes, only the first segment (for Canada, the first 3 characters; for UK, the first 2-to-4-character segment) is recognized. If you enter the second segment, you will only be able to use radius targeting.*
        > - *The boundaries of some postal codes in Australia, Canada, France, Germany, and United Kingdom do not appear accurately on the map you see in Microsoft Advertising, but targeting within them will still function accurately.*
      - A specified radius around a postal code, coordinates*, landmark, or area. (Note: You cannot exclude using radius targeting.)

        **Coordinates can be searched for in the format "[latitude], [longitude]" with the degrees in decimal form — for example, "44.590,-104.716".*

    - **Age**

    - **Gender**

    - **Audience**

      With audience targeting, you can reach curated groups of customers to help get your ads in front of the right people when they're ready to take action and make purchase. You can also exclude audiences if you don't want them to see your ads. [Learn more about your options for audiences](hlp_BA_CONC_Audiences_Options.md)

      To target an audience:

      1. Under **Ad group targeting** select **Add targets** and then select which type of audience you want to target.
      1. Search or browse for an existing audience, and then select it in the left pane to move it into the **Selected** pane on the right.
      1. If you want to create a new audience, select the link at the bottom of the area. For example, **Create remarketing list**.

      To exclude an audience, follow the same process under **Ad group exclusions**.

    - **Company**

      1. Search for a company by name.
      1. You will see relevant companies, along with the approximate number of employees each company has (according to LinkedIn).
      1. For the appropriate company, select **Target** or **Exclude**.

      > [!NOTE]
      > You cannot target more than 1,000 companies in a single ad group.

    - **Company lists**

      > [!NOTE]
      > Not everyone has this feature yet. If you don't, don't worry—it's coming soon!

      create your lists

      Tools

      Audiences

      Company lists

      To associate lists with your ad group:

      1. Search for your company lists by name.
      1. Select the checkbox next to your desired lists.

    - **Industry**

      1. Search or browse for a type of industry.
      1. For the appropriate industry, select **Target** or **Exclude**.

    - **Job function**

      1. Search or browse for a type of job function.
      1. For the appropriate job function, select **Target** or **Exclude**.

    - **Job seniority**

      > [!NOTE]
      > Not everyone has this feature yet. If you don't, don't worry—it's coming soon!

      To add job seniority targets to your ad group, select the checkbox next to one or more levels of seniority.

    - **Placements**

      > [!NOTE]
      > Not everyone has this feature yet. If you don't, don't worry—it's coming soon!

      Microsoft sites

      - **Microsoft Edge browsers:** Native ad placements on Microsoft Edge's new tab page
      - **Productivity:** Outlook (Native and Display ad placements)
      - **Gaming:** Native, Display, and Video ad placements on Microsoft Casual Games and King Games (e.g., Candy Crush)
      - **MSN:** Native, Display, and Video ad placements on MSN (serving with all available MSN content)
      - **MSN - Health:** Native, Display, and Video ad placements serving exclusively with MSN health-related content
      - **MSN - Money:** Native, Display, and Video ad placements serving exclusively with MSN money-related content

    - **Topics**

      > [!NOTE]
      > Not everyone has this feature yet. If you don't, don't worry—it's coming soon!

      1. Search for topics.
      1. Select the checkbox next to each topic you want to add.

    - **Predictive targeting**

      Predictive targeting

    Once you submit your criteria, select **Save & go to next step**.

    > [!IMPORTANT]
    > - As you add and edit targets, pay attention to the **Possible monthly impressions** meter on the right side of the page. This will estimate how many people would be eligible to see your ads based on your targeting criteria.
    > - If your targeting becomes too narrow, you won't be able to save your campaign.

<a id="CampaignSettings"></a>

- **4. Set up your budgets and bids**

  1. Enter your **Campaign name**.

     > [!NOTE]
     > A campaign name cannot contain scripts, HTML, or other markup language.
  1. Under **Budget and bid strategy**, choose your budget type and amount. You can choose to set a **Daily budget**, **Lifetime budget**, or apply a shared budget. [Learn more about your budget options](hlp_BA_CONC_AboutBudgetType.md)

     > [!NOTE]
     > You cannot switch from a standard budget (**Daily budget** or **Shared budget**) to a **Lifetime budget** after you save your Audience campaign. Similarly, you cannot switch from a **Lifetime budget** to a standard budget after saving your campaign.
  1. Choose your **Bid strategy**:

     - With **Manual CPM**, you set the actual cost you want to pay per 1,000 viewed impressions, with the option to turn on the **Frequency limit** toggle to limit how often a potential customer sees your ad. You can choose to limit how many times a customer sees your ad per hour, day, and week.

       > [!NOTE]
       > You can view reports for your frequency limit. To create a report: From the navigation menu on the left, select **Reporting** > **Templates**. Then, select **Performance** > **Campaign**, **Ad group**, or **Ad**. Select the modify columns icon in the top right. Below **Performance Statistics**, add the columns **Unique reach**, **Avg. impression frequency per user**, and **Avg. impression frequency per user (7 days)** for the previous seven days.
     - With **Enhanced CPC**, you set your ad group bids, and Microsoft Advertising automatically adjusts your bids in real time to increase your chances for a conversion. You have the option to set a **Max. CPC**.
     - With **Maximize conversions**, Microsoft Advertising automatically sets your bids in real time to get as many conversions as possible within your budget. You have the option to set a **CPA** (cost per acquisition) and **Max. CPC**.
  1. Below **Date management**, choose whether you want to set the **Start date** and **End date** for your ads at the **Campaign level** or **Ad group level**. For campaigns that have a **Daily budget**, you can choose either **Campaign level** or **Ad group level** for your date management setting. However, if your campaign uses a **Lifetime budget**, you must manage these dates at the **Campaign level**.

     > [!NOTE]
     > After you create your campaign, you cannot change this setting.
  1. (Optional) Choose your **Start date** and **End date** for when you want your campaign or ad group to run.

     > [!NOTE]
     > Campaigns that use a **Lifetime budget** must have an **End date**.
  1. Under **Conversions**, choose which conversions are included in the Conversion columns for this campaign and used for optimizing your bid strategy.
  1. Set a **Default bid** as a starting point for this campaign's bids.
  1. (Optional) Add a **Disclaimer** to show in your Native ads for this campaign.
  1. (Optional) Select **Ad schedule** if you want to show your ads only on certain days or certain times of day.
  1. (Optional) Select **Bid adjustment** and tell Microsoft Advertising how much to increase or decrease your default bid on each of the target criteria you set in the ad group creation process.
  1. Select **Save & go to the next step**.
  1. Review the Summary page to ensure that the information is correct.
  1. When you're finished, select **Save & go live** or **Save & don't go live**.

> [!NOTE]
> - After you select **Save & go live**, your ads will begin appearing on the [Microsoft Advertising Network](hlp_BA_CONC_AboutAdvertisingNetwork.md) shortly, unless there is [an error with your account](hlp_BA_CONC_AccountErrors.md).
> - To further optimize your Audience campaign, use the [audience network planner](hlp_BA_CONC_Audiences_NetworkPlanner.md) to experiment with different audiences and combinations of audiences.

<a id="Troubleshoot"></a>

## Troubleshooting Audience campaign issues

- **Your uploaded images are generating errors (i.e., errors with the image's height or width):** Please check to ensure that your images are meeting Microsoft Advertising's [Image guidelines and policies](hlp_BA_CONC_ImageGuidelines.md). Please also review [Best practices for Audience ad images](hlp_BA_CONC_ImagesForAudienceAds.md) to make sure that your images for Audience ads are meeting the required specifications and dimensions. Then, re-upload an image that meets all the requirements. If the issue is with your image dimensions, you can also crop your original image to meet the required dimensions.
- **Your ad group is not delivering or has the “Pending” delivery status:** To help resolve this issue, please follow these steps:

  1. Check the delivery status of your ads: From the navigation menu on the left, hover over **Campaigns** and select **Ads & extensions** > **Ads**.
  1. Review the **Status** column for the appropriate ads. If the status says **Disapproved** or **Approved limited**, then follow the guidelines on this help page: [Fix a Disapproved or Approved Limited status](hlp_BA_CONC_EditorialDisapprovalReasons.md)
  1. Check the delivery status column for your ad group: From the navigation menu on the left, hover over **Campaigns** and select **Ad groups**.
  1. Review the **Status** column for the appropriate ad group. If the status says **Targeting too narrow**, see [Troubleshooting the “Targeting too narrow” ad group delivery status](#troubleshooting-the-targeting-too-narrow-ad-group-delivery-status) for additional troubleshooting steps. If narrow targeting isn't the issue, then you may have recently added an [audience list](hlp_BA_CONC_Audiences_Options.md) (such as a remarketing list or custom audience list) within the past 48 hours. There's a 48-hour delivery delay between adding a new list and delivery. However, if it's been longer than 48 hours since you last added an audience list to your campaign, please [contact Support](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?linkid=398371) for assistance.
- **Your headlines are being shortened/cut off when reviewing your Audience ads in the Ad preview area:** Depending on placement, the actual ad shown may appear differently; for example, some text may be shortened. Headlines may be truncated based on the way various publishers show them. You can ensure that your headlines will be shown on all publisher sites by making them as short and concise as possible. Use the fewest number of words to get your message across.
- **Your ad group delivery status says “Targeting too narrow”:** See [Troubleshooting the “Targeting too narrow” ad group delivery status](#troubleshooting-the-targeting-too-narrow-ad-group-delivery-status) for additional troubleshooting steps.

<a id="TroubleshootTargeting"></a>

## Troubleshooting the “Targeting too narrow” ad group delivery status

The **Targeting too narrow** delivery status means that the ad group is not eligible to serve because the targeting criteria are too narrowly defined, and your ads won't get enough impressions. See **Choose your audience and targeting** above for examples of targeting criteria.

If you have this status, you need to update your targeting criteria and/or audience lists to broaden the audience and increase the estimated number of ad impressions. Here are the steps you can take to review and update your targeting criteria:

<a id="ReviewAdGroupStatus"></a>

- **Review your ad group settings**

  Ensure that your ad group targets at least one gender, age group, and device:

  1. From the navigation menu on the left, hover over **Campaigns** and select **Ad groups**.
  1. Select the appropriate ad group.
  1. Select **Settings**.
  1. Below Ad group targets, make sure you've selected at least one **Gender**, **Age**, and **Device** to target.
  1. Select **Save** if you make any updates.

  > [!NOTE]
  > It's preferred to select all possible targets for gender, age, and device because this results in the highest number of possible impressions. Excluding targets can severely limit the possible number of possible number of impressions based on the size of that target group.

- **Review your campaign's location targeting settings**

  Ensure you're targeting locations that are available [where Microsoft Advertising shows your ads](hlp_BA_CONC_Countries.md).

  Review your Targeting setting for Bid only versus Target and bid

  When editing ad group targets, under **Targeting setting**, check to see whether you've selected **Bid only** or **Target and bid**. Follow these steps:

  1. From the navigation menu on the left, hover over **Campaigns** and select **Ad groups**.
  1. Select the appropriate ad group.
  1. Select **Settings**.
  1. Below Ad group targets, as you're editing your targets, check to see whether you've selected **Bid only** or **Target and bid** for your **Targeting setting**.

     - If you've selected **Target and bid**: Make sure the targets associated are large enough to satisfy the minimum possible impressions of 1,000. Because it's rare to receive the **Targeting too narrow** delivery status when using **Bid only**, it's recommended that you use the **Bid only** setting whenever in doubt of audience size.
     - If you've selected **Bid only**: This means that you are not limiting the number of possible ad impressions. It's rare to receive the **Targeting too narrow** delivery status when using **Bid only**. However, if this happens to you, this might mean that you're excluding a large target group. Instead, it's recommended that you include the group in your targeting but decrease the bid adjustment by 90%.

- **Review your audience associations**

  If your ad group has any audience associations, check for the following:

  - If your audience list is advertiser-generated (such as a remarketing list): From the navigation menu on the left, select **Tools** > **Audiences**. Check that the [status](hlp_BA_CONC_Audiences_AudienceStatus.md) for the associated audience is **Ready** and the UET tracking status is **Tag active**. If you don't see either or both statuses, this is the cause for your targeting being too narrow and your audience doesn't have the required number of possible impressions needed for a well-performing ad group. To resolve the issue, you can re-associate your ad group with an audience that is large enough to satisfy the minimum possible impressions of 1,000.
  - If your audience list is Microsoft Advertising-generated: From the navigation menu on the left, select **Tools** > **Audiences**. Check that the [status](hlp_BA_CONC_Audiences_AudienceStatus.md) for the associated audience is **Ready**. If it's not ready, please [contact Support](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?linkid=398371) for assistance. If the status is **Ready** but you're still seeing **Targeting too narrow** for the ad group, then please follow the steps for [Reviewing your ad group status](#ReviewAdGroupStatus).

## Related videos

- [Embrace the power of Microsoft Advertising AI](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KGwXlSMyrGk)
- [Which ad type is right for me?](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Egn71qDLEeQ)
- [Which campaign type is right for me?](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cCM5BUpSJ38)
- [How to enhance your copywriting](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FaN9qjOAxU4)
- [How to create beautiful images](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qvXdXjDbzqM)
- [How to customize an images background](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hu5FGb9zK-A)
