---
title: Microsoft Advertising agreement
ms.service: msa-help
ms.subservice: msa-policies-compliance
ms.topic: article
author: jonmeyers
ms.author: jonmeyers
ms.date: 6/18/2026
description: Microsoft Advertising Network policies help advertisers and partners learn what makes a great ad, as well as what is and isn’t allowed in them.
---

# Microsoft Advertising agreement

## If Your Principal Place of Business Is in the United States of America (“United States”), Please Read the Binding Arbitration Agreement and Class Action Waiver (Section 12). It Affects How Disputes Are Resolved.

This Microsoft Advertising Agreement (“**Agreement**“) is between the individual or entity named in your Microsoft Advertising account (“**Company**”, “**you**” or “**your**”) and the Microsoft entity identified in Section 17 (“**Microsoft**”, “**we**”, “**us**”, or “**our**”) regarding Microsoft Advertising (“Microsoft Advertising”) (see https://about.ads.microsoft.com and any successor links (“**Microsoft Advertising Site**”)). For the avoidance of doubt, the Microsoft Retail Media Platform (see https://about.ads.microsoft.com/en-us/solutions/microsoft-promoteiq/promoteiq-for-retailers) and the Xandr Platform (see https://about.ads.microsoft.com/en-us/solutions/xandr/xandr-premium-programmatic-advertising) are not covered by the terms of this Agreement. You accept this Agreement by signing up for or placing an order for Microsoft Advertising, or continuing to use Microsoft Advertising after being notified of a change to this Agreement. In addition to these terms, this Agreement consists of any “**Insertion Orders**” (an order you place with us for advertising), our then-current rules and requirements for **Microsoft Advertising on the Microsoft Advertising Site, our policies available at https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink?LinkId=398341 (collectively, “Microsoft Advertising Policies**”), and, if your principal place of business is in the United States, the Arbitration Agreement and Class Action Waiver. **If Company is using Microsoft Advertising to place advertisements on behalf of another entity (an “Advertiser”), Company represents and warrants that it is authorized to act on behalf of the Advertiser and has bound the Advertiser to the Agreement and all references to Company in these Terms will also apply to such Advertiser. If Company has not bound an Advertiser to this Agreement, Company will be responsible for performing any obligation, including any contractual or non-contractual disputes and claims of any nature, the Advertiser would otherwise have had under this Agreement. Microsoft may share Advertiser-specific information with Company and Advertiser as part of the Microsoft Advertising service.**

- **Section 1. Microsoft Advertising.**

  Your use of Microsoft Advertising is subject to all of the terms of this Agreement. You are solely responsible for the security and use of your account, including login criteria, campaign management by third parties, your keywords and targeting decisions, the destinations to which your ad campaigns direct users, and the products and services advertised on those destinations. We may change Microsoft Advertising at any time to add, remove, or modify (a) Microsoft Advertising features; or (b) the network of participating websites on which ads and search results are published. (More information on our partners is available at https://help.ads.microsoft.com/apex/index/3/en-us/52031) Microsoft Advertising is an advertising platform on which Company authorizes Microsoft and its partners to use automated tools to format ads. Microsoft and its partners may also make available to Company certain products and/or optional features, such as Microsoft’s Clarity service (https://clarity.microsoft.com/terms), to assist Company with the selection or generation of ads, which may be subject to Company’s agreement to additional terms and conditions that apply specifically to such products and/or features (e.g., through an online click-through agreement or notice in the UI). Company is not required to authorize use of these optional features and, as applicable, may opt-in or opt-out of using these features. However, if you use these features, then you will be solely responsible for the ads. You may choose to use preview, beta, or other pre-release features of the Microsoft Advertising services (“**previews**”) that we may make available. Previews may contain features that are unsupported and not fully tested. If you provide Microsoft feedback about its services including previews(“**submission**”), you grant Microsoft and its partners rights to use the submission for our own internal purposes, including to improve or promote our services.

- **Section 2. Content Usage and Moderation.**

  You authorize us to (a) reproduce, publicly perform, publicly display, and transmit your advertising materials and feed data provided to us in connection with this Agreement (“**Content**”) and certain other information relating to your use of Microsoft Advertising on products, web sites, applications, software, or services developed, owned or operated by Microsoft or distributed by Microsoft’s partners (“**Microsoft Offerings**”), (b) reformat, edit, modify, aggregate, and create derivative works of Content for display on Microsoft Offerings, and (c) disclose or make otherwise available Content and other information relating to your use of Microsoft Advertising as required by applicable law, or judicial or other governmental or regulatory order. For clarity, Content does not include Company Data (defined below). We reserve the right to review and restrict your Content to the extent we deem necessary, including as required by law. More information on our content review and moderation process is available in the Microsoft Advertising Policies.

- **Section 3. Prohibitions.**

  You will not, directly or indirectly: (a) access or use Microsoft Advertising or provide Content to us for Microsoft Advertising that in any way violates applicable law or this Agreement; (b) generate automated, fraudulent, or otherwise invalid impressions, inquiries, clicks, or conversions; (c) use any automated means or form of scraping or data extraction to access, query, or otherwise collect, copy, reproduce, distribute, publicly perform, or publicly display advertising-related information from Microsoft Advertising; (d) attempt to interfere with the operation of Microsoft Advertising; (e) reverse engineer any aspect of Microsoft Advertising or do anything that might discover or reveal source code, or bypass or circumvent measures employed to prevent or limit access to any part of Microsoft Advertising; or (f) access or use Microsoft Advertising or provide Content to us for Microsoft Advertising that contains, distributes or results in the delivery of any form of virus or malware or any malicious software code. Enforcement of this Section 3 is solely at Microsoft’s discretion, and failure to enforce this section in some instances does not constitute a waiver of our right to enforce it in other instances.

- **Section 4. Payments.**

  You will pay all charges incurred in connection with your account using the method and form of payment you select. For more information on your billing and payment options, please visit [PLACEHOLDER_FOR_SASHA]. You must dispute charges within 60 (sixty) days following the date on which such charge was posted to your account. Neither of us is liable for any taxes the other is obligated to pay. You will pay any sales, value added, stamp, or similar taxes that are permitted to be collected under applicable law. Microsoft will not collect any taxes covered by a valid exemption certificate that you provide to us. If any taxes are required to be withheld on payments you make to us, you may deduct and pay them to the taxing authority. You will deliver to us an official receipt for those withholdings and other documents reasonably requested in order to claim a foreign tax credit or refund and will use reasonable efforts to ensure that any taxes are minimized to the extent possible under applicable law. If you select prepayment as your billing option, any such prepayment shall be treated as inclusive of any value added tax, as applicable.

- **Section 5. No Warranties; Limitation of Liability.**

  We make no representations about the quality or availability of Microsoft Advertising or anything else and exclude all warranties and guarantees (express, implied, statutory, or otherwise, including those of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, non-infringement, and workmanlike effort) to the greatest extent allowed under applicable law. You access and use Microsoft Advertising entirely at your own risk. All aspects of our performance and services are “as is,” “with all faults,” and “as available.” To the greatest extent allowed under applicable law, neither party is liable for any special, incidental, consequential, exemplary, punitive, or other indirect damages related to this Agreement (including for loss of data or profits), foreseeable or not, regardless of the theory of liability. The maximum, aggregate liability of either party to the other, and all third parties: (a) for all claims related to this Agreement is limited to $5,000 USD; and (b) subject to the foregoing clause (a), for any given claim is the amount paid by you to us under this Agreement for the ad campaign from which that claim arose. Nothing in this Section 5 applies to (y) your payment obligations or Section 6; or (z) either party’s liability from fraud or gross negligence.

- **Section 6. Indemnity.**

  You will defend and indemnify us (and our directors, officers, employees, affiliates, and agents) from and against all claims, demands, suits, or other assertions of rights by any third party (including, if you are a Company entering into this Agreement on behalf of an Advertiser, the Advertiser), and all resulting judgments, settlements, and expenses (including attorneys’ fees and costs), that arise out of or relate to Content, your use of Microsoft Advertising, or your breach of any term of this Agreement.

- **Section 7. Term and Limitation of Remedies.**

  This Agreement begins when you accept it and continues until terminated immediately on written notice pursuant to Section 11 of this Agreement. Either party may terminate this Agreement, and your participation in Microsoft Advertising, at any time, for any or no reason, immediately on written notice. Sections 2, 4 through 15, as well as your warranty in the preamble, survive termination.

- **Section 7. Term and Limitation of Remedies.**

  This Agreement begins when you accept it and continues until terminated immediately on written notice pursuant to Section 11 of this Agreement. Either party may terminate this Agreement, and your participation in Microsoft Advertising, at any time, for any or no reason, immediately on written notice. Sections 2, 4 through 15, as well as your warranty in the preamble, survive termination.

- **Section 8. Microsoft Advertising User Data.**

  As between you and us, we own and control all information we collect from users in connection with our advertising services, including user information collected from Microsoft online properties, apps, and other technology like our tags, pixels, or other unique tracking codes (“**Microsoft Advertising User Data**”). Microsoft uses such Microsoft Advertising User Data for the purposes of delivering Microsoft Advertising, including, where applicable, retargeting and conversions. You understand and acknowledge that Microsoft uses Microsoft Advertising User Data for its own purposes, including to improve its services. In addition, Microsoft may use Microsoft Advertising User Data for purposes related to reporting and performance analysis. We do not share Personal Data (defined below) that may be contained in Microsoft Advertising User Data collected as a result of your use of Microsoft Advertising with other advertisers or third parties in any form that identifies individuals personally. To the extent such Microsoft Advertising User Data is also Personal Data, we collect, use, and disclose such data as described in the Microsoft Privacy Statement available at https://privacy.microsoft.com/en-us/privacystatement.

- **Section 9. Your Privacy Obligations.**

- **Section 10. Changes.**

  We may make non-material changes to the Agreement at any time without advance notice, but we will provide at least 15 (fifteen) days’ prior notice of any material changes to the Agreement. All changes will apply prospectively, and using Microsoft Advertising after the changes become effective means you accept the changes. If you don’t accept the changes, you must stop using Microsoft Advertising. We may change the Microsoft Advertising Policies at any time, without notice to you and with prospective effect.
