---
title: Healthcare and pharmaceutical ad policy
ms.service: msa-help
ms.subservice: msa-policies-compliance
ms.topic: article
author: jonmeyers
ms.author: jonmeyers
ms.date: 6/18/2026
description: Microsoft Advertising Network policies help advertisers and partners learn what makes a great ad, as well as what is and isn't allowed in them.
---

# Healthcare and pharmaceutical ad policy

> [!NOTE]
> To ensure consistency worldwide, Microsoft Advertising enforces our policies across our ad network using the English version. We provide translated versions as a courtesy to our clients, though the translations are not meant to change the content or meaning of the official policy language.

> [!IMPORTANT]
> This policy applies to all ad types.

> [!NOTE]
> This page was last updated on April 22, 2026.

## General Pharmaceutical and Healthcare Requirements

Health-related advertising directly impacts public well-being, and regulatory bodies in different regions have established standards to protect consumers from misleading, unsafe, or unapproved products and services.

To ensure consumer safety and regulatory compliance, advertisers promoting pharmacy, health care services, or wellness products must adhere to all relevant laws and regulations in the regions where their ads are displayed and all Microsoft Advertising policies. This includes:

- Following all applicable local, national, and international laws governing health-related advertising.
- Maintaining current certifications or licenses for each market where their products or services are promoted.
- Not targeting consumers based on sensitive health information and complying with [Microsoft's Legal, Privacy, and Personalization policies](hlp_BA_CONC_Policy_LegalPrivacyPersonalization.md).
- Reviewing and complying with market-specific advertising policies below.
- Comply with Microsoft’s [Offensive, Harmful, and Violent](hlp_BA_CONC_Policy_DisallowedOffensive.md) policy.
- Not using imagery or audio that implies endorsement by healthcare professionals unless such endorsement is genuine and properly disclosed. Affiliations with healthcare providers or institutions must be transparent and verifiable.

## Disallowed Products and Services

Microsoft does not accept ads that promote:

- Clinical trials, experimental treatments, or medical research solicitations.
- The sale of human organs/tissues.
- Any of the healthcare products and supplements listed [here](hlp_BA_CONC_Policy_DisapprovedHealthcareProdSupp.md).
- Herbal supplements that mimic the effect of illegal substances.

## Restricted claims

Advertising for healthcare products and services can significantly influence consumer decisions. To protect consumers and maintain trust, advertisers must ensure that all claims made in ads are truthful, accurate, and not misleading.

Advertisers are responsible for:

- Ensuring all health-related claims are supported by credible scientific evidence, including the source and date of the study when applicable.
- Avoiding [exaggerated or unsupported claims](HLP_BA_CONC_Policy_DisallowedInformation.md) that could create unrealistic expectations about product effectiveness.
- Refraining from comparisons that suggest non-prescription products are as effective as prescription medications.

Comparative or superlative statements (e.g., “more effective than,” “#1 Doctor Recommended”) must be:

- Factually substantiated.
- Supported by a trusted third-party study, with the study name and date clearly referenced in the ad or ad destination.

> [!NOTE]
> > [!NOTE]
> > This policy does not apply when the claim is on the product/package

Ads and landing pages must not include:

- Statements that misrepresent regulatory approval or review of a product.
- Before-and-after images that are exaggerated or unrealistic.

## Online Pharmacies, Medication, and Health Products

> [!NOTE]
> > [!NOTE]
> > Ads for brick-and-mortar pharmacies are not subject to the same advertising restrictions as online pharmacies. However, if an ad promotes a brand that operates both a physical and an online pharmacy, our policies for online pharmacy advertising must be applied.

- **Online Pharmacies**

  Pharmacy and telemedicine providers that sell medicines that require a prescription must be preapproved to serve. To start preapproval, fill out the [Pharmacy and Telemedicine advertiser program form](https://about.ads.microsoft.com/en/forms/pharmacy-and-telemedicine-advertising-program).

- **Prescription (Rx) Medicine**

  Rx medications and products cannot be advertised outside of the following markets:

  - Canada
  - New Zealand
  - The United States

  Please refer to the market-specific policies below. These campaigns are regulated due to risks associated with the use of the product and the need for professional supervision during use.

  Prescription drug manufacturers must be certified to serve. Fill out the [Pharmaceutical drug manufacturer program form](https://about.ads.microsoft.com/en/forms/pharmaceutical-drug-manufacturer-advertising-program).

  Ads that promote prescription drugs must:

  - Not target users based on sensitive health information.
  - Clearly advise consumers to follow label directions (e.g., “use as directed”).
  - Contain warnings that the recommended dose should not be exceeded.
  - Ensure that claims and demonstrations are consistent with the product's indications, directions, and warnings.

  <!--
  Market Specific Policies: Select market Albania Algeria American Samoa Antigua and Barbuda Armenia Aruba Australia Austria Azerbaijan Bahamas Bahrain Bangladesh Barbados Belgium Belize Benin Bolivia Bosnia and Herzegovina Botswana Brazil Brunei Bulgaria Burkina Faso Cameroon Canada Central African Republic Comoros Congo Congo (DRC) Cook Islands Costa Rica Cote d'Ivoire Croatia Czech Republic Denmark Djibouti Dominica Dominican Republic Ecuador Egypt El Salvador Eritrea Estonia Ethiopia European Union Faroe Islands Fiji Finland France Gabon Gambia Georgia Germany Greece Greenland Grenada Guam Guatemala Guinea Guinea-Bissau Guyana Haiti Honduras Hong Kong Hungary Iceland India Indonesia Iraq Ireland Israel Italy Jamaica Japan Kyrgyzstan Latvia Lesotho Libya Lithuania Luxembourg Macao Macedonia Madagascar Malawi Malaysia Maldives Marshall Islands Mauritania Mauritius Moldova Mongolia Montenegro Namibia Nauru Nepal Netherlands New Zealand Niger Nigeria Niue Northern Mariana Islands Norway Oman Pakistan Palau Panama Paraguay Philippines Poland Portugal Puerto Rico Qatar Romania Rwanda Saint Kitts and Nevis Saint Lucia Saint Vincent and the Grenadines Samoa Saudi Arabia Senegal Serbia Seychelles Sierra Leone Singapore Slovakia Slovenia Somalia South Africa Spain Sri Lanka Suriname Sweden Switzerland Taiwan Tajikistan Tanzania Thailand Togo Tokelau Tonga Trinidad and Tobago Tunisia Turkey Tuvalu Uganda United Arab Emirates United Kingdom United States Uruguay Vanuatu Vietnam Virgin Islands (U.S.) Yemen Zambia Zimbabwe Please select a market from the dropdown menu above. Advertising for medical procedures, products, or services that require a prescription are not allowed. Advertising for doctors is not allowed. All forms of advertising related to medicines, supplements, health conditions, medical procedures, medical professionals, pharmacies, or the sale of pharmaceutical/medical products are prohibited. All forms of advertising related to medicines, supplements, health conditions, medical procedures, medical professionals, pharmacies, or the sale of pharmaceutical/medical products are prohibited. All forms of advertising related to medicines, supplements, health conditions, medical procedures, medical professionals, pharmacies, or the sale of pharmaceutical/medical products are prohibited. All forms of advertising related to medicines, supplements, health conditions, medical procedures, medical professionals, pharmacies, or the sale of pharmaceutical/medical products are prohibited. All forms of advertising related to medicines, supplements, health conditions, medical procedures, medical professionals, pharmacies, or the sale of pharmaceutical/medical products are prohibited. Products may not claim to cure, treat, or prevent disease unless they are registered as medicines with the appropriate organization in the market where they are promoted. Austrian pharmacies and their websites must meet applicable requirements (including the use of the approved logo and a direct link to the authority's website, etc.) to advertise and sell OTC medication online. Pharmacies located within the EU may advertise in this country if they are registered with their relevant local medicinal product authority and comply with all regulatory requirements and local laws for the country. All forms of advertising related to medicines, supplements, health conditions, medical procedures, medical professionals, pharmacies, or the sale of pharmaceutical/medical products are prohibited. All forms of advertising related to medicines, supplements, health conditions, medical procedures, medical professionals, pharmacies, or the sale of pharmaceutical/medical products are prohibited. All forms of advertising related to medicines, supplements, health conditions, medical procedures, medical professionals, pharmacies, or the sale of pharmaceutical/medical products are prohibited. All forms of advertising related to medicines, supplements, health conditions, medical procedures, medical professionals, pharmacies, or the sale of pharmaceutical/medical products are prohibited. All forms of advertising related to medicines, supplements, health conditions, medical procedures, medical professionals, pharmacies, or the sale of pharmaceutical/medical products are prohibited. Pharmacies must notify the Federal agency for medication and health products 30 days prior to advertising an OTC medication. Pharmacies must be registered with their federal agency to sell the pharmaceutical products advertised. Pharmacies located within the EU may advertise in this country if they are registered with their relevant local medicinal product authority and comply with all regulatory requirements and local laws for the country. All forms of advertising related to medicines, supplements, health conditions, medical procedures, medical professionals, pharmacies, or the sale of pharmaceutical/medical products are prohibited. All forms of advertising related to medicines, supplements, health conditions, medical procedures, medical professionals, pharmacies, or the sale of pharmaceutical/medical products are prohibited. All forms of advertising related to medicines, supplements, health conditions, medical procedures, medical professionals, pharmacies, or the sale of pharmaceutical/medical products are prohibited. Advertising for health services, medical procedures, methods of care, and procedures of alternative medicine is not allowed. Advertising pharmacies and their business activities is not allowed. Dietary supplements cannot be attributed to the prevention or treatment of disease or imply such properties. All forms of advertising related to medicines, supplements, health conditions, medical procedures, medical professionals, pharmacies, or the sale of pharmaceutical/medical products are prohibited. All supplements, cosmetics, vitamins, homeopathic, and other health care products must be registered with the Federal Sanitation Agency (ANVISA). Approved advertisers must be in possession of all the required registrations and comply with all ANVISA and other applicable requirements. We reserve the right to verify compliance with local requirements and exclude non-compliant advertisers from the program. The advertisement must fairly represent the quality and purpose of the product, as registered and approved by the local regulatory authorities. Advertisements for witchdoctors, magical potions and treatments, and miracle cures of any kind are disallowed. All forms of advertising related to medicines, supplements, health conditions, medical procedures, medical professionals, pharmacies, or the sale of pharmaceutical/medical products are prohibited. Advertising for healthcare establishments, institutions, and medical practitioners is prohibited. This includes alternative treatments. Advertisers must comply with the Medicinal Products in the Human Medicine Act (MPHMA). Advertising of OTC medication is allowed only after the material has been approved by the Bulgarian Drug Agency (BDA). Ads must contain the number and date of the BDA decision for approval. All forms of advertising related to medicines, supplements, health conditions, medical procedures, medical professionals, pharmacies, or the sale of pharmaceutical/medical products are prohibited. All forms of advertising related to medicines, supplements, health conditions, medical procedures, medical professionals, pharmacies, or the sale of pharmaceutical/medical products are prohibited. Microsoft Advertising does not accept the advertising of healthcare products and services in the provinces of Québec and Ontario. Pharmaceutical ads must comply with federal regulations as well as regulations that apply to the provinces they serve. Advertisers are responsible for ensuring their ads meet the specific requirements of each province they serve. Online pharmacies must be accredited by the National Association Boards of Pharmacy (NABP) or LegitScript. All information required in the ad must be legible, with the same text size and prominence. Ads for prescription drugs cannot include any reference to the safety, effectiveness or indications for use of the advertised prescription drug. Ads cannot promote health products for the prevention, treatment, or cure of serious diseases, disorders, or abnormal physical states listed in Schedule A.1 to the F&DA. Ads for physicians and/or physician institutions (e.g., a clinic) must: Not contain any reference to a drug, appliance or equipment. Not contain testimonials or other forms of references to the public or a person having recourse to their service. Not contain comparative/superlative claims. Be in good taste, accurate with verifiable information, and not misleading. Province-Specific Requirements: *British Columbia and Manitoba:* Ads cannot advertise the sale or brand of any controlled drugs and substances in Manitoba. Ads that promote the sale of other drugs in Manitoba and contain a price must include the total price per dosage and detailed disclosure applicable to the different prices paid by each type of payer. For all campaigns that promote the sale or brand of a prescription drug in British Columbia, or the sale of drugs other than controlled substances in Manitoba, all ads must: Include the drug’s dosage form and strength. Include the drug’s proprietary, generic, and manufacturer name. Include the total price for a specific number of dosage units or quantity of the drug product. Include the disclaimer “only available by prescription”. Include the total prescription price, if there is any direct or indirect reference to a professional fee charged, and both figures must be featured equally. Not include comparators to prices or fees charged by other pharmacies. *New Brunswick:* All pharmaceutical ads must: Include the generic or trade name, manufacturer, strength, and quantity. Not include any information in respect to a fee, markup, or price other than descriptive information in respect to a pharmacy’s full retail price for a prescribed medication. *Nova Scotia & Prince Edward Island:* Ads cannot advertise the sale or brand of prescription drugs. Ads that promote other drugs, including behind-the-counter drugs must: Be limited to the name, classification of the drug, quantity or size, and price. Include prescribed warnings about potential adverse reactions and interactions. All forms of advertising related to medicines, supplements, health conditions, medical procedures, medical professionals, pharmacies, or the sale of pharmaceutical/medical products are prohibited. All forms of advertising related to medicines, supplements, health conditions, medical procedures, medical professionals, pharmacies, or the sale of pharmaceutical/medical products are prohibited. All forms of advertising related to medicines, supplements, health conditions, medical procedures, medical professionals, pharmacies, or the sale of pharmaceutical/medical products are prohibited. All forms of advertising related to medicines, supplements, health conditions, medical procedures, medical professionals, pharmacies, or the sale of pharmaceutical/medical products are prohibited. All forms of advertising related to medicines, supplements, health conditions, medical procedures, medical professionals, pharmacies, or the sale of pharmaceutical/medical products are prohibited. All forms of advertising related to medicines, supplements, health conditions, medical procedures, medical professionals, pharmacies, or the sale of pharmaceutical/medical products are prohibited. All forms of advertising related to medicines, supplements, health conditions, medical procedures, medical professionals, pharmacies, or the sale of pharmaceutical/medical products are prohibited. Advertising of OTC medications is allowed only with marketing authorization/approval for Croatia. Advertising should contain a statement that the product should be kept out of the reach of small children. Advertising pharmacies or their activities is not allowed. Advertising for healthcare professionals is not allowed. Advertising for medical procedures is not allowed. Supplements that contain plant substances should contain the Croatian and Latin name of the plant species and the Croatian name of the plant organ. Advertising should contain the amount of nutrients or other substances with a physiological effect present in the amount recommended for daily use. Medical supplies that are intended exclusively for the performance of healthcare activities may not be advertised to the general public. Vitamins or supplements must be clearly marked as “dietary supplements”. Advertising human tissue or cell donation with a financial reward or similar benefit is not allowed. Danish pharmacies website must comply with applicable requirements to advertise and sell OTC medication online. Pharmacies located within the EU may advertise in this country if they are registered with their relevant local medicinal product authority and comply with all regulatory requirements and local laws for the country. All forms of advertising related to medicines, supplements, health conditions, medical procedures, medical professionals, pharmacies, or the sale of pharmaceutical/medical products are prohibited. All forms of advertising related to medicines, supplements, health conditions, medical procedures, medical professionals, pharmacies, or the sale of pharmaceutical/medical products are prohibited. All forms of advertising related to medicines, supplements, health conditions, medical procedures, medical professionals, pharmacies, or the sale of pharmaceutical/medical products are prohibited. All forms of advertising related to medicines, supplements, health conditions, medical procedures, medical professionals, pharmacies, or the sale of pharmaceutical/medical products are prohibited. All forms of advertising related to medicines, supplements, health conditions, medical procedures, medical professionals, pharmacies, or the sale of pharmaceutical/medical products are prohibited. All forms of advertising related to medicines, supplements, health conditions, medical procedures, medical professionals, pharmacies, or the sale of pharmaceutical/medical products are prohibited. All forms of advertising related to medicines, supplements, health conditions, medical procedures, medical professionals, pharmacies, or the sale of pharmaceutical/medical products are prohibited. Advertising for OTC medication is allowed only if the OTC has a valid marketing authorization in Estonia. Advertising services by health professionals including, but not limited to treatment, consultation, implementation of teaching and research, and similar activities is prohibited. All forms of advertising related to medicines, supplements, health conditions, medical procedures, medical professionals, pharmacies, or the sale of pharmaceutical/medical products are prohibited. Advertising of Lipostabil is disallowed (applicable to all of Europe). Advertising of products intended only for use or involvement by a medical practitioner is not allowed. OTC substances defined as psychotropic or narcotic are not allowed. Ads for OTC medication must contain: Name of the product, as well as the common name if it contains only one active substance, or the trademark. Information essential to the rational use of the product, including therapeutic indications and special precautions. Advice for the user to read the secondary information and package leaflet carefully, and if there is any doubt or if symptoms persist, to consult the doctor or pharmacist. Any additional warnings if applicable. Ads cannot contain any element that: Gives the impression the medicinal product is a foodstuff, cosmetic or other consumer product. Suggests a diagnosis or recommend a treatment by correspondence leading to the conclusion that medical intervention is unnecessary. Exaggerate the effects or suggest the effect of the product is guaranteed, without adverse reactions, with results superior or equal to those of another treatment or medical product or claim there is no risk of addiction. Suggest the users normal state of health can be improved by the use of the product or be impaired by not using the product (vaccines may be allowed). Suggest safety or efficacy of the product due to it being considered a natural product. Demonstrate or guarantee a cure. Contain a recommendation by a scientist, healthcare practitioner or third party who may encourage consumption of medicines due to their high profile. Ads for food supplements may not include terms or otherwise refer to properties that attribute prophylactic properties or treatment or curing of human disease. Ads for food supplements cannot state or imply that a balanced and varied diet is not a sufficient source of nutrients. Any medical device must be covered by an appropriate [CE Mark](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?linkid=2262184) before it can be advertised. Users should not be misled about the device's intended purpose, safety, and performance. Ads for medical devices must include the following: Name of the device. Purpose of the device. Information essential to the correct use of the device. Clearly visible indication of possible adverse effects. All forms of advertising related to medicines, supplements, health conditions, medical procedures, medical professionals, pharmacies, or the sale of pharmaceutical/medical products are prohibited. All forms of advertising related to medicines, supplements, health conditions, medical procedures, medical professionals, pharmacies, or the sale of pharmaceutical/medical products are prohibited. Advertisers must comply with the marketing provisions of the Finnish Medicines Act to advertise and sell OTC medication. Pharmacies located within the EU may advertise in this country if they are registered with their relevant local medicinal product authority and comply with all regulatory requirements and local laws for the country. Advertisers must be registered with the ANSM to advertise and sell OTC medication online Advertising for prescription contact lenses must comply with the French Health Code. Pharmacies located within the EU, but outside France, must be authorized or otherwise registered by the ANSM. All forms of advertising related to medicines, supplements, health conditions, medical procedures, medical professionals, pharmacies, or the sale of pharmaceutical/medical products are prohibited. All forms of advertising related to medicines, supplements, health conditions, medical procedures, medical professionals, pharmacies, or the sale of pharmaceutical/medical products are prohibited. All forms of advertising related to medicines, supplements, health conditions, medical procedures, medical professionals, pharmacies, or the sale of pharmaceutical/medical products are prohibited. Advertising medications for sale requires a license to sell the medication from the respective local German supervisory authority. Pharmacies located within one of the [EU countries listed here](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?linkid=2262371) must be registered with their relevant local medicinal product authority. Pharmacies in [countries not listed here](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?linkid=2262371) must be licensed within Germany. Advertising of services by health professionals including, but not limited to, treatment or consultation is prohibited. 
  Advertising beauty treatments and aesthetic centers cannot mention medical acts and should not include references such as “clinic”. OTC medications and medical supplies are allowed only if they have been granted a valid marketing authorization in Greece. Claims used in the advertisement must correspond to the summary of the medicine's technical characteristics. The advertisement must promote the rational use of medicines and should not overstate the effect of the drug concerned. The advertisement must feature a statutory minimum content (including the name of the medicine / active substance, instructions on the proper use of the medicine; an invitation to read the instructions). The advertisement must not make any statements undermining the consultation of doctors, etc. Advertising pharmacies is not allowed. However, a pharmacy may advertise products and services not related to purely pharmaceutical services, like cosmetics or dietary products for example. Advertising for food supplements must include the reference number of notification of the specific food supplement to Greek National Organization for Medicines (EOF) and cannot contain therapeutic claims. All forms of advertising related to medicines, supplements, health conditions, medical procedures, medical professionals, pharmacies, or the sale of pharmaceutical/medical products are prohibited. All forms of advertising related to medicines, supplements, health conditions, medical procedures, medical professionals, pharmacies, or the sale of pharmaceutical/medical products are prohibited. All forms of advertising related to medicines, supplements, health conditions, medical procedures, medical professionals, pharmacies, or the sale of pharmaceutical/medical products are prohibited. All forms of advertising related to medicines, supplements, health conditions, medical procedures, medical professionals, pharmacies, or the sale of pharmaceutical/medical products are prohibited. All forms of advertising related to medicines, supplements, health conditions, medical procedures, medical professionals, pharmacies, or the sale of pharmaceutical/medical products are prohibited. All forms of advertising related to medicines, supplements, health conditions, medical procedures, medical professionals, pharmacies, or the sale of pharmaceutical/medical products are prohibited. All forms of advertising related to medicines, supplements, health conditions, medical procedures, medical professionals, pharmacies, or the sale of pharmaceutical/medical products are prohibited. All forms of advertising related to medicines, supplements, health conditions, medical procedures, medical professionals, pharmacies, or the sale of pharmaceutical/medical products are prohibited. All forms of advertising related to medicines, supplements, health conditions, medical procedures, medical professionals, pharmacies, or the sale of pharmaceutical/medical products are prohibited. All advertised pharmacies must be registered with the Drug Office of the Department of Health. Advertisers must comply with the [Undesirable Medical Advertising Ordinance](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?linkid=2268054). Advertising related to specific diseases, conditions, and health claims is restricted. Unregistered pharmaceutical products may not be advertised. Advertising medicinal products, aids, or dietary supplements that require a prescription or are approved for social security subsidies is not allowed. Products must be authorized to be marketed in Hungary. Advertising for investigational medicinal products is not allowed. Product cannot bear the same name as a prescription product or one that is subsidized. Ads for medical products or aids should contain the following language “Please read the patient information leaflet on the risks and side effects or ask your doctor or pharmacist!” Comparative advertising with other pharmacies or dissemination of information for raising awareness of pharmacies is not allowed. Advertising for health professionals should comply with the Code of Medical Ethics. 
  Advertising for human tissue or cell donation is not allowed. Advertisers for OTC medication must fulfill requirements stipulated in Act No. 100/202 on Medical Products and any subsequent legislation. Ads for food supplements: Cannot state or imply that a balanced and varied diet is not a sufficient source of nutrients or that the supplement should replace a varied diet. Must state that the product is a “dietary supplement” and ingredients of the product must be visible. Suggested daily intake must be visible, and the ad must contain a warning that exceeding recommended intake may be harmful. Must recommend that the product be stored where children do not see it or reach it. Advertising for medical devices must fulfill marketing requirements such as labeling, user manuals, etc. set forth in Act No. 16/2001 on Medical Devices. Advertising for healthcare professionals must comply will Art. 24 of the Act on Health Care Professionals and Act no. 57/2005. Advertisers must be licensed for the services they are advertising. Marketing authorization for parallel importing to Iceland must have been granted in Iceland for the medication. Microsoft requires advertisers targeting India who sell or facilitate the online sale of prescription-only medicines or prescription veterinary medicines to ensure they comply with all local laws. Advertisers may not bid on keywords that relate to prescription-only medicines. Ad copy must not promote the sale of prescription-only medicines. Advertising for the treatment of diseases and miracle cures is restricted. Ads must not feature claims to prevent or cure common conditions or diseases or health ailments of humans and animals. All forms of advertising related to medicines, supplements, cosmetics, health conditions, medical procedures, medical professionals, pharmacies, or the sale of pharmaceutical/medical products are prohibited. All forms of advertising related to medicines, supplements, health conditions, medical procedures, medical professionals, pharmacies, or the sale of pharmaceutical/medical products are prohibited. Manufacturers are allowed to advertise, as long as they do not sell their prescription medicines online. Advertisers may offer vitamins, minerals, and food supplements to help maintain good health. Advertisers must ensure that their advertising does not: Discourage essential treatment of health problems. Offer specific advice, diagnosis, or treatment for serious or prolonged conditions (such as diabetes, cancer, or heart disease), unless given by a doctor or a qualified health professional. Imply that vitamins, minerals or supplements can prevent or treat illness, elevate mood, or enhance performance. Claim that a vitamin, mineral, or any other food supplement is beneficial to health without substantiating the claim with scientific evidence displayed on the website. Contradict the fact that a well-balanced diet should provide the vitamins and minerals needed by a normal healthy individual. Advertisers cannot encourage consumers to swap a healthy diet for supplementation. Imply that there is widespread vitamin or mineral deficiency or that it is necessary to augment a well-balanced diet. Describe products as safe or effective simply because they are "natural" or because the description omits an ingredient in common use. Claim that over-the-counter (OTC) medicines or legal herbal supplements are better than any other product, or that using or avoiding a product will affect normal good health. Offer homeopathic medicines that are not approved in the UK by the Medicines and Healthcare products Regulatory Agency (MHRA). Advertisers that offer invasive surgery must have relevant and recognized qualifications. Advertisers for physically invasive treatments must encourage consumers to seek independent medical advice before committing themselves to the treatment. All forms of advertising related to medicines, supplements, health conditions, medical procedures, medical professionals, pharmacies, or the sale of pharmaceutical/medical products are prohibited. Advertising for herbal remedies, herbal sleep aids, or herbal diet pills is restricted. It is the advertiser`s responsibility to comply with applicable regulations and best practices. Pharmacies must be on the register by the Ministry of Health and obtain prior authorization from the Ministry of Health to advertise OTC medication if it is sold online. All forms of advertising related to medicines, supplements, health conditions, medical procedures, medical professionals, pharmacies, or the sale of pharmaceutical/medical products are prohibited. The efficacies and effects of an OTC medication included in advertising must be within the scope of the approval by the Ministry of Health, Labor and Welfare (MHLW). Advertising for OTC medication cannot include statements, endorsements, or recommendations regarding the efficacies or effects of an OTC medication by healthcare workers. Advertising for supplements and vitamins cannot contain a description of medicinal effects. Advertising contact lenses, including prescription lenses as well as cosmetic/costume lenses, must have approval by the MHLW prior to advertising. Advertising for medical supplies that are used by medical practitioners is not allowed. Advertising for products intended for household use such as bandages and icepacks are allowed but cannot contain a description of efficacies or effect that may indicate they are medical supplies. Advertising of healthcare professionals or healthcare facilities can include limited information such as the name of the provider or facility, phone number, location, business hours, and department names for example. All forms of advertising related to medicines, supplements, health conditions, medical procedures, medical professionals, pharmacies, or the sale of pharmaceutical/medical products are prohibited. Advertising for medicinal products that are recognized by the State Agency of Medicines as narcotic analgesics is not allowed. Advertising for medical products that contain active substances with a high pharmacovigilance risk is not allowed. Advertising for medicinal products that are fully, or party reimbursed through state funds is not allowed. Advertising for products not registered in the Republic of Latvia and are not included in the Latvian Register of Medicinal Products or have not been registered in accordance with the centralized registration procedure of the European Medicines Agency and whose registration or re-registration is not valid, is not allowed. Medicinal products cannot be advertised as a gift or as compensation. Advertising for a medicinal product that is registered as a traditional herbal medicinal product, must include the statement "Traditional herbal medicinal product for the stated indications based solely on long-term results.” Advertising for supplements is allowed only for supplements registered in the Register of Food Supplements. Ads must contain the statement "Food supplement does not replace a complete and balanced diet", which must occupy at least 5% of the advertising space. Audio visual advertisements for unauthorized medical treatments are not allowed. All forms of advertising related to medicines, supplements, health conditions, medical procedures, medical professionals, pharmacies, or the sale of pharmaceutical/medical products are prohibited. All forms of advertising related to medicines, supplements, health conditions, medical procedures, medical professionals, pharmacies, or the sale of pharmaceutical/medical products are prohibited. Advertising unregistered medicinal products is not allowed. Advertising for medicinal products that are subject to reimbursement is not allowed. Advertising for medicinal products must contain the information and references prescribed by the Minister of Health. Advertising for OTC medication is allowed only for the registrant of the product and their representatives. Merchants may advertise these products only if they have a contract with the registrant to do so. Advertising for homeopathic products may contain only information specified in the package leaflet and on the packaging. References prescribed by the Minister of Health must also be present. 
  Advertising for food supplements must bear the label “food supplement”. Advertising for health care related products or services may not use a patient name or image or rely on recommendations of health care administrative institutions, health care professionals, or their professional organizations. Advertisers may not use a patient's name, surname, or image when advertising health care services or medical devices. Advertising cannot promote behavior which poses a threat to health and security, or abuses superstitions or people’s trust and their lack of experience or knowledge. Advertising for OTC medication is allowed only when the mediation has been authorized by the Ministry of Finance. Advertising of services by health professionals including, but not limited to, treatment or consultation is prohibited. Advertising for products taken orally that are intended to modify the color of the skin is not allowed. All forms of advertising related to medicines, supplements, health conditions, medical procedures, medical professionals, pharmacies, or the sale of pharmaceutical/medical products are prohibited. Advertising for medical products (including supplies and devices), is allowed only if the product has marketing authorization in North Macedonia. Ads must not encourage unreasonable use and must be in accordance with instructions for use. Advertising for medical products cannot: Attribute features to a medical product that it lacks. Exaggerate the properties of a product. Exaggerate the positive effects of the product or the description of the effects of a product. Compare a medication with another medication or mislead a consumer about the use of a medication. Allege that the expenses for the product will be covered by the Health Insurance Fund, except in cases of epidemics. Ads should not include the following: Recommendations on the properties of the product that encourage use. Famous people to influence the use due to their popularity. Indications on the price of the product. Disease history or diagnostic procedures that may lead to misdiagnosis or self-diagnosis. Inappropriate, disturbing, or misleading indications of changes to the body caused by illness or disease, or by a medical product. Data or conclusions on the efficiency of the Medical Products which is still subject to clinical trial in North Macedonia or abroad. Data on disease, diagnosis, or therapeutic procedures or products used in the treatment of particular persons. Children using or intending to use the product. Free samples may not be given to the general public, and the name of the pharmacy that sells the product, or the wholesaler of the product must not be indicated in the ad. Advertising for medical products should be made in accordance with the Guidebook on Advertising and must contain: The name of the medical product. The method of use and data needed for proper use. Visible, legible, and understandable warning to the user about carefully reading the user guide and consulting a doctor or pharmacist about the risk of adverse reactions. The mandatory warning for carefully reading the user guide and consulting a doctor prior to usage must be an integral part of the landing page. Ads for health care professionals and institutions should not use advertisements for commercial purposes. Ads can contain the following: Name and address. Type of activity that can be performed. Level of health care, activity, and specialty. Training and qualifications for health professionals. Work hours. Actual waiting time, price of services, and the company's logo. All forms of advertising related to medicines, supplements, health conditions, medical procedures, medical professionals, pharmacies, or the sale of pharmaceutical/medical products are prohibited. All forms of advertising related to medicines, supplements, health conditions, medical procedures, medical professionals, pharmacies, or the sale of pharmaceutical/medical products are prohibited. All forms of advertising related to medicines, supplements, health conditions, medical procedures, medical professionals, pharmacies, or the sale of pharmaceutical/medical products are prohibited. All forms of advertising related to medicines, supplements, health conditions, medical procedures, medical professionals, pharmacies, or the sale of pharmaceutical/medical products are prohibited. All forms of advertising related to medicines, supplements, health conditions, medical procedures, medical professionals, pharmacies, or the sale of pharmaceutical/medical products are prohibited. All forms of advertising related to medicines, supplements, health conditions, medical procedures, medical professionals, pharmacies, or the sale of pharmaceutical/medical products are prohibited. All forms of advertising related to medicines, supplements, health conditions, medical procedures, medical professionals, pharmacies, or the sale of pharmaceutical/medical products are prohibited. All forms of advertising related to medicines, supplements, health conditions, medical procedures, medical professionals, pharmacies, or the sale of pharmaceutical/medical products are prohibited. All forms of advertising related to medicines, supplements, health conditions, medical procedures, medical professionals, pharmacies, or the sale of pharmaceutical/medical products are prohibited. Advertising for OTC medication is allowed only if the medication has a valid marketing authorization in Montenegro. Additionally, the ads must comply with the following: Information about the medication must be given in accordance with the approved summary of product characteristics. Advertising must be objective and not mislead the professional or general public. Advertising cannot directly address children even if the medication is intended for their treatment. Advertising for medical devices issued at the expense of health insurance funds is not allowed. Advertising for medical devices is allowed only if the device is registered in Montenegro. Advertising for medical devices cannot advertise the device in an inappropriate or sensational way about the success in treatment or in a way that may lead to self-medication. Health care professionals and pharmacies may advertise their name, business activity, address, phone number, and working hours only. 
  Medical activities and procedures cannot be advertised. All forms of advertising related to medicines, supplements, health conditions, medical procedures, medical professionals, pharmacies, or the sale of pharmaceutical/medical products are prohibited. All forms of advertising related to medicines, supplements, health conditions, medical procedures, medical professionals, pharmacies, or the sale of pharmaceutical/medical products are prohibited. All forms of advertising related to medicines, supplements, health conditions, medical procedures, medical professionals, pharmacies, or the sale of pharmaceutical/medical products are prohibited. Advertising for OTC medication is allowed if the medication has already been granted marketing authorization. Pharmacies located within the EU may advertise in this country if they are registered with their relevant local medicinal product authority and comply with all regulatory requirements and local laws for the country. Medications advertised must be approved to be sold in New Zealand. Advertisers must ensure that their ads comply with all applicable laws, including the Medicines Act for medications intended for human use and the Agricultural Compounds and Veterinary Medicines Act for medications intended for animal use. All forms of advertising related to medicines, supplements, health conditions, medical procedures, medical professionals, pharmacies, or the sale of pharmaceutical/medical products are prohibited. All forms of advertising related to medicines, supplements, health conditions, medical procedures, medical professionals, pharmacies, or the sale of pharmaceutical/medical products are prohibited. All forms of advertising related to medicines, supplements, health conditions, medical procedures, medical professionals, pharmacies, or the sale of pharmaceutical/medical products are prohibited. All forms of advertising related to medicines, supplements, health conditions, medical procedures, medical professionals, pharmacies, or the sale of pharmaceutical/medical products are prohibited. Advertising that includes prices and discounts which may promote random purchases of medication are not permitted, such as "2 for 1" for example. Reminder advertising such as "you have something in your cart" is not allowed. All forms of advertising related to medicines, supplements, health conditions, medical procedures, medical professionals, pharmacies, or the sale of pharmaceutical/medical products are prohibited. All forms of advertising related to medicines, supplements, health conditions, medical procedures, medical professionals, pharmacies, or the sale of pharmaceutical/medical products are prohibited. All forms of advertising related to medicines, supplements, health conditions, medical procedures, medical professionals, pharmacies, or the sale of pharmaceutical/medical products are prohibited. All forms of advertising related to medicines, supplements, health conditions, medical procedures, medical professionals, pharmacies, or the sale of pharmaceutical/medical products are prohibited. All forms of advertising related to medicines, supplements, health conditions, medical procedures, medical professionals, pharmacies, or the sale of pharmaceutical/medical products are prohibited. Advertising for non-prescription medicine must comply with applicable regulations, including proper marketing authorization issued for the non-prescription medicine advertised, and valid license to operate held by the drug company. Medical professionals may not promote, advertise, or endorse any medication. A disclaimer of “No Approved Therapeutic Claim” must appear on the advertisements for food and dietary supplements. Advertising of services by health professionals including, but not limited to treatment, consultation, implementation of teaching and research, and similar activities is prohibited. Advertising pharmacies or their activities is not allowed. Advertising of shops related to the sale of pharmaceutical products or medical devices is also disallowed. The following criteria for OTC medication advertising must be followed: Cannot contain psychotropic or narcotic substances. Name cannot be identical to prescription products entered onto official lists of products reimbursed from public funds. Must be authorized to be sold in Poland. Advertising for medical products, supplies, or treatments that can only be obtained through a prescription is not allowed. Oseltamivir, a medicine used for colds and flu which is subject to medical prescription, may be advertised. Pharmacies cannot advertise or mention brands or medicines, products, or services other than those expressly regulated. OTC medications may be advertised as long as they are not co-funded or supported by the National 
  Healthcare System. Medical advertising should be informative of the conditions of care for the public and professional qualifications of the doctor. Ads cannot guarantee results, encourage false consumption needs, or be otherwise misleading. Advertising for psychologists should be limited to activity in an objective sense, avoiding any subjective content in the ad. Comparative advertising for medications is not allowed. Ads cannot contain any element that: Is intended for children. Refer to a recommendation of a person who, by their celebrity, may incite consumption of the product. May induce, by description or representation, a false self-diagnosis. Use frightening or misleading visual representations of changes in the human body caused by disease or injury, or of the action of a medication on the body. Direct distribution of medication for promotion purposes is prohibited (cannot give, or promise, directly or indirectly to the general public, prizes, offers, bonuses or benefits in cash or in kind). For homeopathic products, only information concerning those subject to simplified registration may be used in advertising: Scientific name, degree of dilution Name and address of the holder of the simplified registration and in some cases the manufacturer Method of administration, and if needed, route of administration Explicit expiry date, including month and year, written in indelible form Pharmaceutical form Presentation Specific storage precautions Special warnings Manufacturing batch number, registration number of the marketing authorization The words “without therapeutic indications” Warning advising the user to consult a doctor All forms of advertising related to medicines, supplements, health conditions, medical procedures, medical professionals, pharmacies, or the sale of pharmaceutical/medical products are prohibited. All forms of advertising related to medicines, supplements, health conditions, medical procedures, medical professionals, pharmacies, or the sale of pharmaceutical/medical products are prohibited. Advertising for OTC medication is allowed only if the mediation has been approved by the Romanian National Agency for Medicine and Medical Devices. Advertising for medication issued within the national health insurance system is not allowed. Advertising for OTC medication must: Be exact, balanced, equitable, objective, and complete, allowing consumers to form their own opinion with respect to the therapeutic value of the medication. Be based on updated evaluation of the medicine in question. Not suggest that a medicine or active ingredient has any merit, quality, or special property where this cannot be scientifically documented or proven. Advertising for supplements is allowed only if the supplement and promotional material content has been approved by the Romanian National Agency for Medicine and Medical Devices. Advertising for medication by pharmacies may present only commercial catalogues and price lists. Advertising by medical professionals that is purely promotional or intended for publicity is not allowed. Ads cannot be used for the purpose of acquiring clients. Psychologists may engage in publicity only based on their own accomplishments and must avoid promoting any unreal or exaggerated accomplishments. 
  All forms of advertising related to medicines, supplements, health conditions, medical procedures, medical professionals, pharmacies, or the sale of pharmaceutical/medical products are prohibited. All forms of advertising related to medicines, supplements, health conditions, medical procedures, medical professionals, pharmacies, or the sale of pharmaceutical/medical products are prohibited. All forms of advertising related to medicines, supplements, health conditions, medical procedures, medical professionals, pharmacies, or the sale of pharmaceutical/medical products are prohibited. All forms of advertising related to medicines, supplements, health conditions, medical procedures, medical professionals, pharmacies, or the sale of pharmaceutical/medical products are prohibited. All forms of advertising related to medicines, supplements, health conditions, medical procedures, medical professionals, pharmacies, or the sale of pharmaceutical/medical products are prohibited. Advertising for prescription medication is not allowed. Advertising for over-the-counter medication is prohibited, unless the product is registered with the Saudi Food and Drug Authority (SFDA) and the ad creatives have prior approval from the SFDA. Advertising for supplements and vitamins is not allowed. Advertising related to health conditions is not allowed. Advertising for medical procedures, products, or services that require a prescription are not allowed. Advertising for medical devices is prohibited unless the product is registered with the SFDA and a Medical Device Marketing certificate. Advertising services by health professionals including, but not limited to, treatment, consultation, implementation of teaching and research, or similar activities is prohibited. Advertising pharmacies or their activities is not allowed. Advertising shops related to the sale of pharmaceutical products or medical devices is not allowed. All forms of advertising related to medicines, supplements, health conditions, medical procedures, medical professionals, pharmacies, or the sale of pharmaceutical/medical products are prohibited. Advertising by mental health care professionals including direct or indirect publicity that is not protective or educational in nature is disallowed. Advertising related to the following is not allowed: Life threatening medical conditions. Sexually transmitted diseases. Diabetes or other metabolic diseases. Additionally, medicine for the following cannot be advertised: Additionally, medicine for the following cannot be advertised Tuberculosis medicine. Medicine for infectious diseases. Medicine for chronic insomnia. Ads for OTC medication should include the information contained in the summary of the OTC product's characteristics. The ad must be objective, not misleading in any manner, and must not misuse trust, relationship of dependence, credulity, inexperience or ignorance or superstition of consumers. Ads must contain information related to: The name of the medicine or name of the device, in accordance with the law. Means of use and data needed for the proper use of the medication or device. A visible, legible and comprehensibly written, drawn, or spoken warning to the users to read the instructions for use of the device and to consult a medical professional about possible risk, as well as information about adverse reactions to the medicine or device. Ads for medicines or devices cannot give the impression that a particular product is better than another or indicate that the recommended medicine or device may be replaced by another product. Ads for medical products cannot give the impression that: The product has no adverse side effects. It isn't necessary to consult a doctor before use. Use of the product will allow consumers to avoid medical examinations, advice, or surgery. Use of the product guarantees success in the treatment of disease. The product is the best or better than other products. The product will improve health. Health will be damaged by not using the product. Exception exists for campaigns conducted by the Ministry of Health such as prevention of epidemics. The product is food, cosmetics, or other products of general use. The product is harmless and effective due to its natural origin. 
  Comparative advertising of pharmacies or pharma activity is not allowed. Comparative advertising of pharmacies or pharma activity is not allowed. Ads cannot encourage patients to purchase medicines or devices by virtue of rewarding the patient or other strategies that may cause unnecessary or irrational use of medicine or medical devices. Ads for medications should not list the name of the pharmacy, private practice, specialist store, or business name of an entity that carries out wholesale trade in which the product can be purchased. All forms of advertising related to medicines, supplements, health conditions, medical procedures, medical professionals, pharmacies, or the sale of pharmaceutical/medical products are prohibited. All forms of advertising related to medicines, supplements, health conditions, medical procedures, medical professionals, pharmacies, or the sale of pharmaceutical/medical products are prohibited. Ads may not promote treatments or cures for diseases. Advertising for traditional and alternative medications is prohibited. Advertising for medical products that are not registered in the Slovak Republic is not allowed. Advertising for OTC medication that is covered by public health insurance is not allowed. Advertising for OTC medication is allowed only if the product has marketing authorization in Slovenia. Advertising for medical devices is allowed only for those that comply with the Medical Devices Act. Audiovisual advertising for healthcare services, activity, or providers is not allowed. Pharmacies may advertise only informational content such as their name, address, logo, hours, health education, or content that is scientific in nature. All forms of advertising related to medicines, supplements, health conditions, medical procedures, medical professionals, pharmacies, or the sale of pharmaceutical/medical products are prohibited. Advertising for medication containing substances in Schedules 2-6 of the Medicines Act are not allowed. Advertising for medical devices classified as Class C or D in the Medicines Act is not allowed. Advertising for medical devices classified as Class A or B of the Medicines Act may require proof the device is registered and classified as Class A or B. Health professionals must register with and comply with obligations imposed by the Health Professionals Council of South Africa, and cannot tout or canvas their services. Surrogates cannot be paid for acting as a surrogate; only compensation for medical expenses, lost income and insurance is allowed. Advertisers that offer invasive cosmetic surgery must have proper authorization. 
  Pharmacies located within the EU may advertise in this country if they are registered with their relevant local medicinal product authority and comply with all regulatory requirements and local laws for the country. All forms of advertising related to medicines, supplements, health conditions, medical procedures, medical professionals, pharmacies, or the sale of pharmaceutical/medical products are prohibited. All forms of advertising related to medicines, supplements, health conditions, medical procedures, medical professionals, pharmacies, or the sale of pharmaceutical/medical products are prohibited. Advertising for OTC medication must be carried out in accordance with fair trade and good marketing practices. Pharmacies located within the EU may advertise in this country if they are registered with their relevant local medicinal product authority and comply with all regulatory requirements and local laws for the country. Advertising can only include information in accordance with the drug information last approved by Swissmedic. Advertising prescription-only medicines is not allowed. Advertisers may not bid on keywords that relate to prescription-only medicines including prescription medications for animals. Ad copy must not promote the sale of prescription-only medicines. All forms of advertising related to medicines, supplements, health conditions, medical procedures, medical professionals, pharmacies, or the sale of pharmaceutical/medical products are prohibited. All forms of advertising related to medicines, supplements, health conditions, medical procedures, medical professionals, pharmacies, or the sale of pharmaceutical/medical products are prohibited. Ads for non-prescription medications must comply with applicable regulations, including displaying the approval number for the medicine on the website. All forms of advertising related to medicines, supplements, health conditions, medical procedures, medical professionals, pharmacies, or the sale of pharmaceutical/medical products are prohibited. All forms of advertising related to medicines, supplements, health conditions, medical procedures, medical professionals, pharmacies, or the sale of pharmaceutical/medical products are prohibited. All forms of advertising related to medicines, supplements, health conditions, medical procedures, medical professionals, pharmacies, or the sale of pharmaceutical/medical products are prohibited. All forms of advertising related to medicines, supplements, health conditions, medical procedures, medical professionals, pharmacies, or the sale of pharmaceutical/medical products are prohibited. All forms of advertising related to medicines, supplements, health conditions, medical procedures, medical professionals, pharmacies, or the sale of pharmaceutical/medical products are prohibited. Advertising for any medication is not allowed. Advertising by pharmacies is not allowed, even if the product advertised is not medical in nature. Advertising for medical devices is disallowed with the exception of Annex-3 items (toothpaste, tooth prothesis care products, condoms, patient diapers, incontinence pads, warm/cold compress, band-aid or fixation tape, cotton, mouthwash, nasal bands that improve breathing). Advertisers must have approval in Turkey for food supplements prior to advertising. Comparative advertising for food supplements is not allowed. Advertising of services by health professionals including, but not limited to, treatment or consultation is prohibited. 
  Names of the Ministry of Health and subsidiaries and names of the health institute, establishment or persons that participated in the research of the device cannot be used in advertising without permission. Image restrictions: Expressions and images related to the physical environment of the doctor's office and other health institutions and organizations and medical devices or equipment cannot be used. Images of healthcare professionals with patients and their relatives before, during and after treatment cannot be included. Before and after treatment photos of patients cannot be used. All forms of advertising related to medicines, supplements, health conditions, medical procedures, medical professionals, pharmacies, or the sale of pharmaceutical/medical products are prohibited. All forms of advertising related to medicines, supplements, health conditions, medical procedures, medical professionals, pharmacies, or the sale of pharmaceutical/medical products are prohibited. All forms of advertising related to medicines, supplements, health conditions, medical procedures, medical professionals, pharmacies, or the sale of pharmaceutical/medical products are prohibited. Online pharmacies must be registered with the General Pharmaceutical Council. For more information, please see the website for the [General Pharmaceutical Council](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?linkid=2262613). Ad copy must not promote the sale of prescription only medicines. Providers of prescription eyeglasses must be registered with the General Optical Council. Advertisements for veterinary online pharmacies are allowed if they are registered with any of the following: The General Pharmaceutical Society of Great Britain The Pharmaceutical Society of Northern Ireland The Pharmaceutical Society of Ireland The Royal College of Veterinary Surgeons The Animal Medicines Training Regulatory Authority (AMTRA) The Veterinary Medicines Directorate Advertisers may offer vitamins, minerals, and food supplements to help maintain good health. Advertisers must ensure that their advertising does not: Discourage essential treatment of health problems. Offer specific advice, diagnosis, or treatment for serious or prolonged conditions (such as diabetes, cancer, or heart disease), unless given by a doctor or a qualified health professional. Imply that vitamins, minerals or supplements can prevent or treat illness, elevate mood, or enhance performance. 
  Claim that a vitamin, mineral, or any other food supplement is beneficial to health without substantiating the claim with scientific evidence displayed on the website. Contradict the fact that a well-balanced diet should provide the vitamins and minerals needed by a normal healthy individual. Advertisers cannot encourage consumers to swap a healthy diet for supplementation. Imply that there is widespread vitamin or mineral deficiency or that it is necessary to augment a well-balanced diet. Describe products as safe or effective simply because they are "natural" or because the description omits an ingredient in common use. Claim that over-the-counter (OTC) medicines or legal herbal supplements are better than any other product, or that using or avoiding a product will affect normal good health. Offer homeopathic medicines that are not approved in the UK by the Medicines and Healthcare Products Regulatory Agency (MHRA). Advertisers that offer invasive surgery must have relevant and recognized qualifications. Advertisers for physically invasive treatments must encourage consumers to seek independent medical advice before committing themselves to the treatment. Prescription drug ads that make a product claim must disclose the risks per [The Fda Guidelines](https://www.fda.gov/drugs/prescription-drug-advertising/product-claim-ad-correct). Ads that market to customers outside the U.S. and U.S. territories are not allowed. Online pharmacies, including pet pharmacies, that advertise prescription drugs to customers in the United States must be accredited by the National Association Boards of Pharmacy (NABP) or LegitScript. Manufacturers are not required to have certification to advertise, if they do not sell their prescription medicines online. 
  For more information, please see the following websites: [Pharmacy](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?linkid=2262183) [Legitscript](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?linkid=2262268) If you're using LegitScript, please add the certification badge to the appropriate places on your website and then request an appeal for any existing editorial disapprovals within your account. All forms of advertising related to medicines, supplements, health conditions, medical procedures, medical professionals, pharmacies, or the sale of pharmaceutical/medical products are prohibited. All forms of advertising related to medicines, supplements, health conditions, medical procedures, medical professionals, pharmacies, or the sale of pharmaceutical/medical products are prohibited. All forms of advertising related to medicines, supplements, health conditions, medical procedures, medical professionals, pharmacies, or the sale of pharmaceutical/medical products are prohibited. All forms of advertising related to medicines, supplements, health conditions, medical procedures, medical professionals, pharmacies, or the sale of pharmaceutical/medical products are prohibited. All forms of advertising related to medicines, supplements, health conditions, medical procedures, medical professionals, pharmacies, or the sale of pharmaceutical/medical products are prohibited. All forms of advertising related to medicines, supplements, health conditions, medical procedures, medical professionals, pharmacies, or the sale of pharmaceutical/medical products are prohibited. All forms of advertising related to medicines, supplements, health conditions, medical procedures, medical professionals, pharmacies, or the sale of pharmaceutical/medical products are prohibited.
-->


## Over-the counter (OTC) drugs and products

Ads that promote the sale or brand of Over-the-Counter drugs must not misrepresent their effectiveness or regulatory status, especially in comparison to prescription drugs.

## At-home test kits

Only at-home tests approved by local market regulators are allowed. These tests include:

- Drug Tests: Used to detect the presence of drugs or their metabolites in a person's body, typically through samples like urine, blood, saliva, or hair
- COVID 19 / Flu Tests: Self-administered diagnostic tools that allow individuals to detect the presence of the SARS-CoV-2 virus using samples like nasal swabs or saliva, providing results within minutes.
- Health Tests - General Wellness: Measuring multiple components that are not specific to a disease state (i.e. food sensitivity, ancestry kits, etc.)
- Health Tests - Specific Disease: Includes tests to support further evaluation of a diagnosis with a medical practitioner, such as A1C test for diabetes. Excludes test kits used for the treatment of a disease, such as glucose monitors.
- Health Tests - Sexually Transmitted Diseases: Includes HIV.
- Family Planning and Reproductive Health: Fertility test, pregnancy test, post-menopause test, etc.
- Alcohol Tests: Includes tests for alcohol in breast milk.
- Gender, Paternity Tests: Includes tests used for infidelity or sexual assault tests/kits.

Additional market variations are listed below:

Market Specific Policies: Select market Austria Belgium Denmark Finland France Germany Iceland Netherlands Spain Sweden Please select a market from the dropdown menu above. Pharmacies located within the EU may advertise in these countries if they are registered with their relevant local medicinal product authority and comply with all regulatory requirements and local laws for the country where they are advertising. Pharmacies located within the EU may advertise in these countries if they are registered with their relevant local medicinal product authority and comply with all regulatory requirements and local laws for the country where they are advertising. Pharmacies located within the EU may advertise in these countries if they are registered with their relevant local medicinal product authority and comply with all regulatory requirements and local laws for the country where they are advertising. Pharmacies located within the EU may advertise in these countries if they are registered with their relevant local medicinal product authority and comply with all regulatory requirements and local laws for the country where they are advertising. Pharmacies located within the EU, but outside France, must be authorized or otherwise registered by the ANSM. Pharmacies located within one of the [Eu Countries Listed Here](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?linkid=2262371) must be registered with their relevant local medicinal product authority. Pharmacies in [Countries Not Listed Here](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?linkid=2262371) must be licensed within Germany. Marketing authorization for parallel importing to Iceland must have been granted in Iceland for the medication. Pharmacies located within the EU may advertise in these countries if they are registered with their relevant local medicinal product authority and comply with all regulatory requirements and local laws for the country where they are advertising. Pharmacies located within the EU may advertise in these countries if they are registered with their relevant local medicinal product authority and comply with all regulatory requirements and local laws for the country where they are advertising. Pharmacies located within the EU may advertise in these countries if they are registered with their relevant local medicinal product authority and comply with all regulatory requirements and local laws for the country where they are advertising.

## Vitamins & Supplements

Ads promoting vitamins, minerals, herbal remedies, and other dietary supplements are typically marketed to support general health and wellness. These campaigns must:

- Not claim the product is as effective as prescription medications or can replace prescribed treatments.
- Not claim permanent or guaranteed results.
- Not use statements that suggest universal effectiveness, or that results will apply to all users.
- Not suggest specific physiological effects beyond general wellness support (e.g., claims such as “liver detox” or “helps empty your bowels” are prohibited).
- Lead to a product page for purchase.
- Not lead to landing pages that are advertorial in nature.

## Infant Feeding

Restrictions for infant feeding vary by market. Infant feeding advertising may include the following:

- Bottle Feeding: Products used for feeding infants with expressed breast milk or formula.
- Infant Formula: Manufactured food designed to mimic breast milk, used as an alternative or supplement.
- Follow-On Formula: Nutritional products for older infants (six months and up) to complement solid foods.
- Complementary Feeding: Baby food and products used to introduce solids alongside milk/formula.
- Specialized Formulas: Products tailored for infants with dietary restrictions or medical conditions.
- Infant Feeding Supplies: Items such as feeding bottles, nipples (teats), warmers, sterilizers, dispensers, and breast pumps.
<!--
Market Specific Policies Select market Algeria American Samoa Antigua and Barbuda Armenia Aruba Azerbaijan Bahamas Bahrain Bangladesh Barbados Belize Benin Bolivia Botswana Brazil Brunei Burkina Faso Cameroon Central African Republic Comoros Congo Congo (DRC) Cook Islands Costa Rica Cote d'Ivoire Djibouti Dominica Dominican Republic Ecuador Egypt El Salvador Eritrea Ethiopia European Union Faroe Islands Fiji Gabon Gambia Georgia Greenland Grenada Guam Guatemala Guinea Guinea-Bissau Guyana Haiti Honduras India Iraq Israel Jamaica Kyrgyzstan Lesotho Libya Macao Macedonia Madagascar Malawi Maldives Marshall Islands Mauritania Mauritius Moldova Mongolia Namibia Nauru Nepal Niger Nigeria Niue Northern Mariana Islands Oman Pakistan Palau Panama Paraguay Puerto Rico Qatar Rwanda Saint Kitts and Nevis Saint Lucia Saint Vincent and the Grenadines Samoa Saudi Arabia Senegal Serbia Seychelles Sierra Leone Somalia South Africa Sri Lanka Suriname Tajikistan Tanzania Togo Tokelau Tonga Trinidad and Tobago Tunisia Tuvalu Uganda United Arab Emirates Uruguay Vanuatu Vietnam Virgin Islands (U.S.) Yemen Zambia Zimbabwe Please select a market from the dropdown menu above. Advertising that promotes the sale or use of formula, feeding bottles, rubber nipples or baby food of any kind is not allowed. Advertising that promotes the sale or use of formula, feeding bottles, rubber nipples or baby food of any kind is not allowed. Advertising that promotes the sale or use of formula, feeding bottles, rubber nipples or baby food of any kind is not allowed. Advertising that promotes the sale or use of formula, feeding bottles, rubber nipples or baby food of any kind is not allowed. Advertising that promotes the sale or use of formula, feeding bottles, rubber nipples or baby food of any kind is not allowed. Advertising that promotes the sale or use of formula, feeding bottles, rubber nipples or baby food of any kind is not allowed. Advertising that promotes the sale or use of formula, feeding bottles, rubber nipples or baby food of any kind is not allowed. Advertising that promotes the sale or use of formula, feeding bottles, rubber nipples or baby food of any kind is not allowed. Advertising that promotes the sale or use of formula, feeding bottles, rubber nipples or baby food of any kind is not allowed. Advertising that promotes the sale or use of formula, feeding bottles, rubber nipples or baby food of any kind is not allowed. Advertising that promotes the sale or use of formula, feeding bottles, rubber nipples or baby food of any kind is not allowed. Advertising that promotes the sale or use of formula, feeding bottles, rubber nipples or baby food of any kind is not allowed. Advertising that promotes the sale or use of formula, feeding bottles, rubber nipples or baby food of any kind is not allowed. Advertising that promotes the sale or use of formula, feeding bottles, rubber nipples or baby food of any kind is not allowed. Advertising that promotes the sale or use of formula, feeding bottles, rubber nipples or baby food of any kind is not allowed. Advertising that promotes the sale or use of formula, feeding bottles, rubber nipples or baby food of any kind is not allowed. Advertising that promotes the sale or use of formula, feeding bottles, rubber nipples or baby food of any kind is not allowed. Advertising that promotes the sale or use of formula, feeding bottles, rubber nipples or baby food of any kind is not allowed. Advertising that promotes the sale or use of formula, feeding bottles, rubber nipples or baby food of any kind is not allowed. Advertising that promotes the sale or use of formula, feeding bottles, rubber nipples or baby food of any kind is not allowed. Advertising that promotes the sale or use of formula, feeding bottles, rubber nipples or baby food of any kind is not allowed. Advertising that promotes the sale or use of formula, feeding bottles, rubber nipples or baby food of any kind is not allowed. Advertising that promotes the sale or use of formula, feeding bottles, rubber nipples or baby food of any kind is not allowed. Advertising that promotes the sale or use of formula, feeding bottles, rubber nipples or baby food of any kind is not allowed. Advertising that promotes the sale or use of formula, feeding bottles, rubber nipples or baby food of any kind is not allowed. Advertising that promotes the sale or use of formula, feeding bottles, rubber nipples or baby food of any kind is not allowed. Advertising that promotes the sale or use of formula, feeding bottles, rubber nipples or baby food of any kind is not allowed. Advertising that promotes the sale or use of formula, feeding bottles, rubber nipples or baby food of any kind is not allowed. Advertising that promotes the sale or use of formula, feeding bottles, rubber nipples or baby food of any kind is not allowed. Advertising that promotes the sale or use of formula, feeding bottles, rubber nipples or baby food of any kind is not allowed. Advertising that promotes the sale or use of formula, feeding bottles, rubber nipples or baby food of any kind is not allowed. Advertising that promotes the sale or use of formula, feeding bottles, rubber nipples or baby food of any kind is not allowed. Advertising that promotes the sale or use of formula, feeding bottles, rubber nipples or baby food of any kind is not allowed. Advertising for infant formula and follow-on formula is not allowed. Advertising that promotes the sale or use of formula, feeding bottles, rubber nipples or baby food of any kind is not allowed. Advertising that promotes the sale or use of formula, feeding bottles, rubber nipples or baby food of any kind is not allowed. Advertising that promotes the sale or use of formula, feeding bottles, rubber nipples or baby food of any kind is not allowed. Advertising that promotes the sale or use of formula, feeding bottles, rubber nipples or baby food of any kind is not allowed. Advertising that promotes the sale or use of formula, feeding bottles, rubber nipples or baby food of any kind is not allowed. Advertising that promotes the sale or use of formula, feeding bottles, rubber nipples or baby food of any kind is not allowed. Advertising that promotes the sale or use of formula, feeding bottles, rubber nipples or baby food of any kind is not allowed. Advertising that promotes the sale or use of formula, feeding bottles, rubber nipples or baby food of any kind is not allowed. Advertising that promotes the sale or use of formula, feeding bottles, rubber nipples or baby food of any kind is not allowed. Advertising that promotes the sale or use of formula, feeding bottles, rubber nipples or baby food of any kind is not allowed. Advertising that promotes the sale or use of formula, feeding bottles, rubber nipples or baby food of any kind is not allowed. Advertising that promotes the sale or use of formula, feeding bottles, rubber nipples or baby food of any kind is not allowed. Advertising that promotes the sale or use of formula, feeding bottles, rubber nipples or baby food of any kind is not allowed. Advertising that promotes the sale or use of formula, feeding bottles, rubber nipples or baby food of any kind is not allowed. Advertising that promotes the sale or use of formula, feeding bottles, rubber nipples or baby food of any kind is not allowed. Advertising that promotes the sale or use of formula, feeding bottles, rubber nipples or baby food of any kind is not allowed. Advertising that promotes the sale or use of formula, feeding bottles, rubber nipples or baby food of any kind is not allowed. Advertising that promotes the sale or use of formula, feeding bottles, rubber nipples or baby food of any kind is not allowed. Advertising that promotes the sale or use of formula, feeding bottles, rubber nipples or baby food of any kind is not allowed. Advertising that promotes the sale or use of formula, feeding bottles, rubber nipples or baby food of any kind is not allowed. Advertising that promotes the sale or use of formula, feeding bottles, rubber nipples or baby food of any kind is not allowed. Advertising that promotes the sale or use of formula, feeding bottles, rubber nipples or baby food of any kind is not allowed. Advertising infant formulas is not allowed. Advertising that promotes the sale or use of formula, feeding bottles, rubber nipples or baby food of any kind is not allowed. Advertising that promotes the sale or use of formula, feeding bottles, rubber nipples or baby food of any kind is not allowed. Advertising that promotes the sale or use of formula, feeding bottles, rubber nipples or baby food of any kind is not allowed. Advertising that promotes the sale or use of formula, feeding bottles, rubber nipples or baby food of any kind is not allowed. Advertising that promotes the sale or use of formula, feeding bottles, rubber nipples or baby food of any kind is not allowed. Advertising that promotes the sale or use of formula, feeding bottles, rubber nipples or baby food of any kind is not allowed. Advertising that promotes the sale or use of formula, feeding bottles, rubber nipples or baby food of any kind is not allowed. Advertising that promotes the sale or use of formula, feeding bottles, rubber nipples or baby food of any kind is not allowed. Advertising that promotes the sale or use of formula, feeding bottles, rubber nipples or baby food of any kind is not allowed. Advertising that promotes the sale or use of formula, feeding bottles, rubber nipples or baby food of any kind is not allowed. Advertising that promotes the sale or use of formula, feeding bottles, rubber nipples or baby food of any kind is not allowed. Advertising that promotes the sale or use of formula, feeding bottles, rubber nipples or baby food of any kind is not allowed. Advertising that promotes the sale or use of formula, feeding bottles, rubber nipples or baby food of any kind is not allowed. Advertising that promotes the sale or use of formula, feeding bottles, rubber nipples or baby food of any kind is not allowed. Advertising that promotes the sale or use of formula, feeding bottles, rubber nipples or baby food of any kind is not allowed. Advertising that promotes the sale or use of formula, feeding bottles, rubber nipples or baby food of any kind is not allowed. Advertising that promotes the sale or use of formula, feeding bottles, rubber nipples or baby food of any kind is not allowed. Advertising that promotes the sale or use of formula, feeding bottles, rubber nipples or baby food of any kind is not allowed. Advertising that promotes the sale or use of formula, feeding bottles, rubber nipples or baby food of any kind is not allowed. Advertising that promotes the sale or use of formula, feeding bottles, rubber nipples or baby food of any kind is not allowed. Advertising that promotes the sale or use of formula, feeding bottles, rubber nipples or baby food of any kind is not allowed. Advertising that promotes the sale or use of formula, feeding bottles, rubber nipples or baby food of any kind is not allowed. Advertising that promotes the sale or use of formula, feeding bottles, rubber nipples or baby food of any kind is not allowed. Advertising that promotes the sale or use of formula, feeding bottles, rubber nipples or baby food of any kind is not allowed. Advertising that promotes the sale or use of formula, feeding bottles, rubber nipples or baby food of any kind is not allowed. Advertising that promotes the sale or use of formula, feeding bottles, rubber nipples or baby food of any kind is not allowed. Advertising that promotes the sale or use of formula, feeding bottles, rubber nipples or baby food of any kind is not allowed. Advertising that promotes the sale or use of formula, follow-on formula marketed as suitable for ages 12 to 36 months, pacifiers, feeding bottles, rubber nipples, or baby food of any kind is not allowed. In addition, advertising for the following is prohibited: Related devices and tools related to breastfeeding, such as milk pumps and nipple covers. Complementary (processed) foods. Water used to mix infant formulas. Any other liquids, such as herbal tea, juice, or any product marketed or presented as suitable for children under 36 months. Advertising that promotes the sale or use of formula, feeding bottles, rubber nipples or baby food of any kind is not allowed. Advertising that promotes the sale or use of formula, feeding bottles, rubber nipples or baby food of any kind is not allowed. Advertising that promotes the sale or use of formula, feeding bottles, rubber nipples or baby food of any kind is not allowed. Advertising that promotes the sale or use of formula, feeding bottles, rubber nipples or baby food of any kind is not allowed. Advertising that promotes the sale or use of formula, feeding bottles, rubber nipples or baby food of any kind is not allowed. Advertising promoting the use or benefit of breast milk substitutes is not allowed. Ads may state only availability and price. Advertising for feeding bottles and rubber nipples cannot be prejudicial to breastfeeding. Ads must emphasize the necessity of cleansing bottles and nipples. Advertising that promotes the sale or use of formula, feeding bottles, rubber nipples or baby food of any kind is not allowed. Advertising that promotes the sale or use of formula, feeding bottles, rubber nipples or baby food of any kind is not allowed. Advertising that promotes the sale or use of formula, feeding bottles, rubber nipples or baby food of any kind is not allowed. Advertising that promotes the sale or use of formula, feeding bottles, rubber nipples or baby food of any kind is not allowed. Advertising that promotes the sale or use of formula, feeding bottles, rubber nipples or baby food of any kind is not allowed. Advertising that promotes the sale or use of formula, feeding bottles, rubber nipples or baby food of any kind is not allowed. Advertising that promotes the sale or use of formula, feeding bottles, rubber nipples or baby food of any kind is not allowed. Advertising that promotes the sale or use of formula, feeding bottles, rubber nipples or baby food of any kind is not allowed. Advertising that promotes the sale or use of formula, feeding bottles, rubber nipples or baby food of any kind is not allowed. Advertising that promotes the sale or use of formula, feeding bottles, rubber nipples or baby food of any kind is not allowed. Advertising that promotes the sale or use of formula, feeding bottles, rubber nipples or baby food of any kind is not allowed. Advertising that promotes the sale or use of formula, feeding bottles, rubber nipples or baby food of any kind is not allowed. Advertising that promotes the sale or use of formula, feeding bottles, rubber nipples or baby food of any kind is not allowed. Advertising that promotes the sale or use of formula, feeding bottles, rubber nipples or baby food of any kind is not allowed. Advertising that promotes the sale or use of formula, feeding bottles, rubber nipples or baby food of any kind is not allowed. Advertising that promotes the sale or use of formula, feeding bottles, rubber nipples or baby food of any kind is not allowed. Advertising that promotes the sale or use of formula, feeding bottles, rubber nipples or baby food of any kind is not allowed. Advertising that promotes the sale or use of formula, feeding bottles, rubber nipples or baby food of any kind is not allowed. Advertising that promotes the sale or use of formula, feeding bottles, rubber nipples or baby food of any kind is not allowed.
-->

## Personal Care Products

Personal and intimate care products are designed to support hygiene, comfort, and wellness, for the care of intimate body areas. Due to the sensitive nature of these products, advertising must adhere to strict standards of taste, targeting, and content presentation.

This policy applies to advertisements promoting:

- Feminine Care Products: Items such as sanitary pads, tampons, menstrual cups, and panty liners.
- Intimate Care Products: Cleansers and hygiene products formulated for the sensitive skin of the genital area and products of a personal nature including, but not limited to, douche products, intimate feminine deodorants, and similar items requiring sensitive presentation.

All ads for personal care products must be age-targeted to users 18 and older.

## Drug & Alcohol Recovery

Advertising for drug and alcohol addiction recovery is only allowed in the United States.

- Advertisers who advertise drug or alcohol addiction services such as rehab facilities, group therapy, sober living facilities, halfway houses or other similar offerings must be certified by [Legitscript](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?linkid=2262268).
- Landing pages and any URLs utilized in the ad must be certified.
- Lead generation ads are not allowed.

> [!NOTE]
> > [!NOTE]
> > For information on becoming certified, please visit LegitScript's website.

## Family Planning

Family planning refers to the practice of controlling the number and timing of children in a family and encompasses a wide range of medical and support services. Due to the sensitive nature of these services, advertising in this category is subject to strict regulatory and platform-specific standards.

### Abortion

Abortion-related ads are prohibited in many markets due to publisher restrictions and regional sensitivities.

Some markets prohibit certain family planning advertising. Please refer to the market dropdowns below for more information.

## Sexual Wellness

Ads for sexual wellness products promote condoms and lubricants.

Ads for sexual wellness products must be age-targeted to users 18 and older.

Sexual wellness ads must be tasteful, non-explicit, and appropriate for a general audience.

To ensure compliance with industry standards and maintain a respectful advertising environment, the following content is strictly prohibited:

- Language containing explicit innuendos or descriptions of sexual acts.
- References to intimate physical activity or bodily functions, including sex or sexual acts.
- Pressurizing language or messaging that promotes negative self-image or implies inadequacy.

<!--
Market Specific Policies: Select market Albania Algeria American Samoa Antigua and Barbuda Argentina Armenia Aruba Australia Austria Azerbaijan Bahamas Bahrain Bangladesh Barbados Belize Benin Bolivia Botswana Brazil Brunei Burkina Faso Cameroon Central African Republic Chile Colombia Comoros Congo Congo (DRC) Cook Islands Costa Rica Cote d'Ivoire Croatia Denmark Djibouti Dominica Dominican Republic Ecuador Egypt El Salvador Eritrea Estonia Ethiopia Faroe Islands Fiji Finland France Gabon Gambia Georgia Greece Greenland Grenada Guam Guatemala Guinea-Bissau Guyana Haiti Honduras Hong Kong Hungary Iceland India Indonesia Iraq Ireland Israel Italy Jamaica Japan Kyrgyzstan Latvia Lesotho Libya Lithuania Luxembourg Madagascar Malawi Malaysia Maldives Marshall Islands Mauritania Mauritius Mexico Moldova Mongolia Namibia Nauru Nepal Netherlands New Zealand Niger Nigeria Niue Northern Mariana Islands Norway Oman Pakistan Palau Panama Paraguay Peru Philippines Poland Puerto Rico Qatar Romania Rwanda Saint Kitts and Nevis Saint Lucia Saint Vincent and the Grenadines Samoa Saudi Arabia Senegal Seychelles Sierra Leone Singapore Slovakia Slovenia Somalia Spain Sri Lanka Suriname Sweden Switzerland Taiwan Tajikistan Tanzania Thailand Togo Tokelau Trinidad and Tobago Tunisia Tuvalu Uganda United Arab Emirates Uruguay Vanuatu Vietnam Virgin Islands (U.S.) Yemen Zambia Zimbabwe Please select a market from the dropdown menu above. Advertising about or related to abortion is prohibited. Advertising for sexual wellness products such as condoms and personal lubricants is prohibited. Microsoft does not accept advertising about, or related to abortion, reproductive surrogacy, egg and sperm donation services, paternity tests, pregnancy tests, prenatal sex determination products and services, emergency contraceptive pills, and sexual wellness products such as condoms and personal lubricants. Microsoft does not accept advertising about, or related to abortion, reproductive surrogacy, egg and sperm donation services, paternity tests, pregnancy tests, prenatal sex determination products and services, emergency contraceptive pills, and sexual wellness products such as condoms and personal lubricants. Microsoft does not accept advertising about, or related to abortion, reproductive surrogacy, egg and sperm donation services, paternity tests, pregnancy tests, prenatal sex determination products and services, emergency contraceptive pills, and sexual wellness products such as condoms and personal lubricants. Advertising about or related to abortion is prohibited. Advertising for reproductive surrogacy is prohibited. Advertising for emergency contraceptive pills is prohibited. Microsoft does not accept advertising about, or related to abortion, reproductive surrogacy, egg and sperm donation services, paternity tests, pregnancy tests, prenatal sex determination products and services, emergency contraceptive pills, and sexual wellness products such as condoms and personal lubricants. Microsoft does not accept advertising about, or related to abortion, reproductive surrogacy, egg and sperm donation services, paternity tests, pregnancy tests, prenatal sex determination products and services, emergency contraceptive pills, and sexual wellness products such as condoms and personal lubricants. Advertising about or related to abortion is prohibited. Advertising about or related to abortion is prohibited. Advertising for reproductive surrogacy is prohibited. Microsoft does not accept advertising about, or related to abortion, reproductive surrogacy, egg and sperm donation services, paternity tests, pregnancy tests, prenatal sex determination products and services, emergency contraceptive pills, and sexual wellness products such as condoms and personal lubricants. Microsoft does not accept advertising about, or related to abortion, reproductive surrogacy, egg and sperm donation services, paternity tests, pregnancy tests, prenatal sex determination products and services, emergency contraceptive pills, and sexual wellness products such as condoms and personal lubricants. Microsoft does not accept advertising about, or related to abortion, reproductive surrogacy, egg and sperm donation services, paternity tests, pregnancy tests, prenatal sex determination products and services, emergency contraceptive pills, and sexual wellness products such as condoms and personal lubricants. Microsoft does not accept advertising about, or related to abortion, reproductive surrogacy, egg and sperm donation services, paternity tests, pregnancy tests, prenatal sex determination products and services, emergency contraceptive pills, and sexual wellness products such as condoms and personal lubricants. Microsoft does not accept advertising about, or related to abortion, reproductive surrogacy, egg and sperm donation services, paternity tests, pregnancy tests, prenatal sex determination products and services, emergency contraceptive pills, and sexual wellness products such as condoms and personal lubricants. Microsoft does not accept advertising about, or related to abortion, reproductive surrogacy, egg and sperm donation services, paternity tests, pregnancy tests, prenatal sex determination products and services, emergency contraceptive pills, and sexual wellness products such as condoms and personal lubricants. Microsoft does not accept advertising about, or related to abortion, reproductive surrogacy, egg and sperm donation services, paternity tests, pregnancy tests, prenatal sex determination products and services, emergency contraceptive pills, and sexual wellness products such as condoms and personal lubricants. Microsoft does not accept advertising about, or related to abortion, reproductive surrogacy, egg and sperm donation services, paternity tests, pregnancy tests, prenatal sex determination products and services, emergency contraceptive pills, and sexual wellness products such as condoms and personal lubricants. Microsoft does not accept advertising about, or related to abortion, reproductive surrogacy, egg and sperm donation services, paternity tests, pregnancy tests, prenatal sex determination products and services, emergency contraceptive pills, and sexual wellness products such as condoms and personal lubricants. Advertising about or related to abortion is prohibited. Advertising for reproductive surrogacy is prohibited. Advertising for emergency contraceptive pills is prohibited. Microsoft does not accept advertising about, or related to abortion, reproductive surrogacy, egg and sperm donation services, paternity tests, pregnancy tests, prenatal sex determination products and services, emergency contraceptive pills, and sexual wellness products such as condoms and personal lubricants. Microsoft does not accept advertising about, or related to abortion, reproductive surrogacy, egg and sperm donation services, paternity tests, pregnancy tests, prenatal sex determination products and services, emergency contraceptive pills, and sexual wellness products such as condoms and personal lubricants. Microsoft does not accept advertising about, or related to abortion, reproductive surrogacy, egg and sperm donation services, paternity tests, pregnancy tests, prenatal sex determination products and services, emergency contraceptive pills, and sexual wellness products such as condoms and personal lubricants. Microsoft does not accept advertising about, or related to abortion, reproductive surrogacy, egg and sperm donation services, paternity tests, pregnancy tests, prenatal sex determination products and services, emergency contraceptive pills, and sexual wellness products such as condoms and personal lubricants. Advertising about or related to abortion is prohibited. Advertising for reproductive surrogacy is prohibited. Advertising for emergency contraceptive pills is prohibited. Advertising about or related to abortion is prohibited. Advertising for reproductive surrogacy is prohibited. Advertising for emergency contraceptive pills is prohibited. Advertising for sexual wellness products such as condoms and personal lubricants is prohibited. Microsoft does not accept advertising about, or related to abortion, reproductive surrogacy, egg and sperm donation services, paternity tests, pregnancy tests, prenatal sex determination products and services, emergency contraceptive pills, and sexual wellness products such as condoms and personal lubricants. Microsoft does not accept advertising about, or related to abortion, reproductive surrogacy, egg and sperm donation services, paternity tests, pregnancy tests, prenatal sex determination products and services, emergency contraceptive pills, and sexual wellness products such as condoms and personal lubricants. Microsoft does not accept advertising about, or related to abortion, reproductive surrogacy, egg and sperm donation services, paternity tests, pregnancy tests, prenatal sex determination products and services, emergency contraceptive pills, and sexual wellness products such as condoms and personal lubricants. Microsoft does not accept advertising about, or related to abortion, reproductive surrogacy, egg and sperm donation services, paternity tests, pregnancy tests, prenatal sex determination products and services, emergency contraceptive pills, and sexual wellness products such as condoms and personal lubricants. Microsoft does not accept advertising about, or related to abortion, reproductive surrogacy, egg and sperm donation services, paternity tests, pregnancy tests, prenatal sex determination products and services, emergency contraceptive pills, and sexual wellness products such as condoms and personal lubricants. Microsoft does not accept advertising about, or related to abortion, reproductive surrogacy, egg and sperm donation services, paternity tests, pregnancy tests, prenatal sex determination products and services, emergency contraceptive pills, and sexual wellness products such as condoms and personal lubricants. Advertising about or related to abortion is prohibited. Advertising for reproductive surrogacy is prohibited. Advertising about or related to abortion is prohibited. Microsoft does not accept advertising about, or related to abortion, reproductive surrogacy, egg and sperm donation services, paternity tests, pregnancy tests, prenatal sex determination products and services, emergency contraceptive pills, and sexual wellness products such as condoms and personal lubricants. Microsoft does not accept advertising about, or related to abortion, reproductive surrogacy, egg and sperm donation services, paternity tests, pregnancy tests, prenatal sex determination products and services, emergency contraceptive pills, and sexual wellness products such as condoms and personal lubricants. Microsoft does not accept advertising about, or related to abortion, reproductive surrogacy, egg and sperm donation services, paternity tests, pregnancy tests, prenatal sex determination products and services, emergency contraceptive pills, and sexual wellness products such as condoms and personal lubricants. Microsoft does not accept advertising about, or related to abortion, reproductive surrogacy, egg and sperm donation services, paternity tests, pregnancy tests, prenatal sex determination products and services, emergency contraceptive pills, and sexual wellness products such as condoms and personal lubricants. Microsoft does not accept advertising about, or related to abortion, reproductive surrogacy, egg and sperm donation services, paternity tests, pregnancy tests, prenatal sex determination products and services, emergency contraceptive pills, and sexual wellness products such as condoms and personal lubricants. Microsoft does not accept advertising about, or related to abortion, reproductive surrogacy, egg and sperm donation services, paternity tests, pregnancy tests, prenatal sex determination products and services, emergency contraceptive pills, and sexual wellness products such as condoms and personal lubricants. Microsoft does not accept advertising about, or related to abortion, reproductive surrogacy, egg and sperm donation services, paternity tests, pregnancy tests, prenatal sex determination products and services, emergency contraceptive pills, and sexual wellness products such as condoms and personal lubricants. Advertising about or related to abortion is prohibited. Advertising for reproductive surrogacy is prohibited. Microsoft does not accept advertising about, or related to abortion, reproductive surrogacy, egg and sperm donation services, paternity tests, pregnancy tests, prenatal sex determination products and services, emergency contraceptive pills, and sexual wellness products such as condoms and personal lubricants. Microsoft does not accept advertising about, or related to abortion, reproductive surrogacy, egg and sperm donation services, paternity tests, pregnancy tests, prenatal sex determination products and services, emergency contraceptive pills, and sexual wellness products such as condoms and personal lubricants. Microsoft does not accept advertising about, or related to abortion, reproductive surrogacy, egg and sperm donation services, paternity tests, pregnancy tests, prenatal sex determination products and services, emergency contraceptive pills, and sexual wellness products such as condoms and personal lubricants. Advertising about or related to abortion is prohibited. Advertising for reproductive surrogacy is prohibited. Advertising for egg and sperm donation services is prohibited. Microsoft does not accept advertising about, or related to abortion, reproductive surrogacy, egg and sperm donation services, paternity tests, pregnancy tests, prenatal sex determination products and services, emergency contraceptive pills, and sexual wellness products such as condoms and personal lubricants. Microsoft does not accept advertising about, or related to abortion, reproductive surrogacy, egg and sperm donation services, paternity tests, pregnancy tests, prenatal sex determination products and services, emergency contraceptive pills, and sexual wellness products such as condoms and personal lubricants. Microsoft does not accept advertising about, or related to abortion, reproductive surrogacy, egg and sperm donation services, paternity tests, pregnancy tests, prenatal sex determination products and services, emergency contraceptive pills, and sexual wellness products such as condoms and personal lubricants. Advertising about or related to abortion is prohibited. Advertising for reproductive surrogacy is prohibited. Microsoft does not accept advertising about, or related to abortion, reproductive surrogacy, egg and sperm donation services, paternity tests, pregnancy tests, prenatal sex determination products and services, emergency contraceptive pills, and sexual wellness products such as condoms and personal lubricants. 
Microsoft does not accept advertising about, or related to abortion, reproductive surrogacy, egg and sperm donation services, paternity tests, pregnancy tests, prenatal sex determination products and services, emergency contraceptive pills, and sexual wellness products such as condoms and personal lubricants. Microsoft does not accept advertising about, or related to abortion, reproductive surrogacy, egg and sperm donation services, paternity tests, pregnancy tests, prenatal sex determination products and services, emergency contraceptive pills, and sexual wellness products such as condoms and personal lubricants. Microsoft does not accept advertising about, or related to abortion, reproductive surrogacy, egg and sperm donation services, paternity tests, pregnancy tests, prenatal sex determination products and services, emergency contraceptive pills, and sexual wellness products such as condoms and personal lubricants. Microsoft does not accept advertising about, or related to abortion, reproductive surrogacy, egg and sperm donation services, paternity tests, pregnancy tests, prenatal sex determination products and services, emergency contraceptive pills, and sexual wellness products such as condoms and personal lubricants. Microsoft does not accept advertising about, or related to abortion, reproductive surrogacy, egg and sperm donation services, paternity tests, pregnancy tests, prenatal sex determination products and services, emergency contraceptive pills, and sexual wellness products such as condoms and personal lubricants. Microsoft does not accept advertising about, or related to abortion, reproductive surrogacy, egg and sperm donation services, paternity tests, pregnancy tests, prenatal sex determination products and services, emergency contraceptive pills, and sexual wellness products such as condoms and personal lubricants. Microsoft does not accept advertising about, or related to abortion, reproductive surrogacy, egg and sperm donation services, paternity tests, pregnancy tests, prenatal sex determination products and services, emergency contraceptive pills, and sexual wellness products such as condoms and personal lubricants. Advertising about or related to abortion is prohibited. Advertising for sexual wellness products such as condoms and personal lubricants is prohibited. Advertising about or related to abortion is prohibited. Advertising for reproductive surrogacy is prohibited. Advertising for reproductive surrogacy is prohibited. Advertising for egg and sperm donation services is prohibited. Advertising about or related to abortion is prohibited. Advertising for pregnancy tests is prohibited. Advertising for prenatal sex determination products and services is prohibited. Advertising for sexual wellness products such as condoms and personal lubricants is prohibited. Advertising about or related to abortion is prohibited. Microsoft does not accept advertising about, or related to abortion, reproductive surrogacy, egg and sperm donation services, paternity tests, pregnancy tests, prenatal sex determination products and services, emergency contraceptive pills, and sexual wellness products such as condoms and personal lubricants. Advertising about or related to abortion is prohibited. Microsoft does not accept advertising about, or related to abortion, reproductive surrogacy, egg and sperm donation services, paternity tests, pregnancy tests, prenatal sex determination products and services, emergency contraceptive pills, and sexual wellness products such as condoms and personal lubricants. Advertising about or related to abortion is prohibited. Advertising for reproductive surrogacy is prohibited. Advertising for emergency contraceptive pills is prohibited. Microsoft does not accept advertising about, or related to abortion, reproductive surrogacy, egg and sperm donation services, paternity tests, pregnancy tests, prenatal sex determination products and services, emergency contraceptive pills, and sexual wellness products such as condoms and personal lubricants. Advertising about or related to abortion is prohibited. Microsoft does not accept advertising about, or related to abortion, reproductive surrogacy, egg and sperm donation services, paternity tests, pregnancy tests, prenatal sex determination products and services, emergency contraceptive pills, and sexual wellness products such as condoms and personal lubricants. Advertising about or related to abortion is prohibited. Advertising for reproductive surrogacy is prohibited. Advertising for egg and sperm donation services is prohibited. Microsoft does not accept advertising about, or related to abortion, reproductive surrogacy, egg and sperm donation services, paternity tests, pregnancy tests, prenatal sex determination products and services, emergency contraceptive pills, and sexual wellness products such as condoms and personal lubricants. Microsoft does not accept advertising about, or related to abortion, reproductive surrogacy, egg and sperm donation services, paternity tests, pregnancy tests, prenatal sex determination products and services, emergency contraceptive pills, and sexual wellness products such as condoms and personal lubricants. Advertising for reproductive surrogacy is prohibited. Advertising for reproductive surrogacy is prohibited. Microsoft does not accept advertising about, or related to abortion, reproductive surrogacy, egg and sperm donation services, paternity tests, pregnancy tests, prenatal sex determination products and services, emergency contraceptive pills, and sexual wellness products such as condoms and personal lubricants. Microsoft does not accept advertising about, or related to abortion, reproductive surrogacy, egg and sperm donation services, paternity tests, pregnancy tests, prenatal sex determination products and services, emergency contraceptive pills, and sexual wellness products such as condoms and personal lubricants. Advertising about or related to abortion is prohibited. Advertising for sexual wellness products such as condoms and personal lubricants is prohibited. Microsoft does not accept advertising about, or related to abortion, reproductive surrogacy, egg and sperm donation services, paternity tests, pregnancy tests, prenatal sex determination products and services, emergency contraceptive pills, and sexual wellness products such as condoms and personal lubricants. Microsoft does not accept advertising about, or related to abortion, reproductive surrogacy, egg and sperm donation services, paternity tests, pregnancy tests, prenatal sex determination products and services, emergency contraceptive pills, and sexual wellness products such as condoms and personal lubricants. Microsoft does not accept advertising about, or related to abortion, reproductive surrogacy, egg and sperm donation services, paternity tests, pregnancy tests, prenatal sex determination products and services, emergency contraceptive pills, and sexual wellness products such as condoms and personal lubricants. Microsoft does not accept advertising about, or related to abortion, reproductive surrogacy, egg and sperm donation services, paternity tests, pregnancy tests, prenatal sex determination products and services, emergency contraceptive pills, and sexual wellness products such as condoms and personal lubricants. Advertising about or related to abortion is prohibited. 
Advertising for reproductive surrogacy is prohibited. Advertising for emergency contraceptive pills is prohibited. Microsoft does not accept advertising about, or related to abortion, reproductive surrogacy, egg and sperm donation services, paternity tests, pregnancy tests, prenatal sex determination products and services, emergency contraceptive pills, and sexual wellness products such as condoms and personal lubricants. Microsoft does not accept advertising about, or related to abortion, reproductive surrogacy, egg and sperm donation services, paternity tests, pregnancy tests, prenatal sex determination products and services, emergency contraceptive pills, and sexual wellness products such as condoms and personal lubricants. Microsoft does not accept advertising about, or related to abortion, reproductive surrogacy, egg and sperm donation services, paternity tests, pregnancy tests, prenatal sex determination products and services, emergency contraceptive pills, and sexual wellness products such as condoms and personal lubricants. Microsoft does not accept advertising about, or related to abortion, reproductive surrogacy, egg and sperm donation services, paternity tests, pregnancy tests, prenatal sex determination products and services, emergency contraceptive pills, and sexual wellness products such as condoms and personal lubricants. Microsoft does not accept advertising about, or related to abortion, reproductive surrogacy, egg and sperm donation services, paternity tests, pregnancy tests, prenatal sex determination products and services, emergency contraceptive pills, and sexual wellness products such as condoms and personal lubricants. Advertising about or related to abortion is prohibited. Advertising about or related to abortion is prohibited. Microsoft does not accept advertising about, or related to abortion, reproductive surrogacy, egg and sperm donation services, paternity tests, pregnancy tests, prenatal sex determination products and services, emergency contraceptive pills, and sexual wellness products such as condoms and personal lubricants. Microsoft does not accept advertising about, or related to abortion, reproductive surrogacy, egg and sperm donation services, paternity tests, pregnancy tests, prenatal sex determination products and services, emergency contraceptive pills, and sexual wellness products such as condoms and personal lubricants. Microsoft does not accept advertising about, or related to abortion, reproductive surrogacy, egg and sperm donation services, paternity tests, pregnancy tests, prenatal sex determination products and services, emergency contraceptive pills, and sexual wellness products such as condoms and personal lubricants. Microsoft does not accept advertising about, or related to abortion, reproductive surrogacy, egg and sperm donation services, paternity tests, pregnancy tests, prenatal sex determination products and services, emergency contraceptive pills, and sexual wellness products such as condoms and personal lubricants. Advertising about or related to abortion is prohibited. Microsoft does not accept advertising about, or related to abortion, reproductive surrogacy, egg and sperm donation services, paternity tests, pregnancy tests, prenatal sex determination products and services, emergency contraceptive pills, and sexual wellness products such as condoms and personal lubricants. Microsoft does not accept advertising about, or related to abortion, reproductive surrogacy, egg and sperm donation services, paternity tests, pregnancy tests, prenatal sex determination products and services, emergency contraceptive pills, and sexual wellness products such as condoms and personal lubricants. Microsoft does not accept advertising about, or related to abortion, reproductive surrogacy, egg and sperm donation services, paternity tests, pregnancy tests, prenatal sex determination products and services, emergency contraceptive pills, and sexual wellness products such as condoms and personal lubricants. Microsoft does not accept advertising about, or related to abortion, reproductive surrogacy, egg and sperm donation services, paternity tests, pregnancy tests, prenatal sex determination products and services, emergency contraceptive pills, and sexual wellness products such as condoms and personal lubricants. Microsoft does not accept advertising about, or related to abortion, reproductive surrogacy, egg and sperm donation services, paternity tests, pregnancy tests, prenatal sex determination products and services, emergency contraceptive pills, and sexual wellness products such as condoms and personal lubricants. Advertising about or related to abortion is prohibited. Advertising for reproductive surrogacy is prohibited. Advertising for emergency contraceptive pills is prohibited. Advertising about or related to abortion is prohibited. Advertising about or related to abortion is prohibited. Advertising for reproductive surrogacy is prohibited. Microsoft does not accept advertising about, or related to abortion, reproductive surrogacy, egg and sperm donation services, paternity tests, pregnancy tests, prenatal sex determination products and services, emergency contraceptive pills, and sexual wellness products such as condoms and personal lubricants. 
Microsoft does not accept advertising about, or related to abortion, reproductive surrogacy, egg and sperm donation services, paternity tests, pregnancy tests, prenatal sex determination products and services, emergency contraceptive pills, and sexual wellness products such as condoms and personal lubricants. Advertising about or related to abortion is prohibited. Advertising for reproductive surrogacy is prohibited. Microsoft does not accept advertising about, or related to abortion, reproductive surrogacy, egg and sperm donation services, paternity tests, pregnancy tests, prenatal sex determination products and services, emergency contraceptive pills, and sexual wellness products such as condoms and personal lubricants. Microsoft does not accept advertising about, or related to abortion, reproductive surrogacy, egg and sperm donation services, paternity tests, pregnancy tests, prenatal sex determination products and services, emergency contraceptive pills, and sexual wellness products such as condoms and personal lubricants. Microsoft does not accept advertising about, or related to abortion, reproductive surrogacy, egg and sperm donation services, paternity tests, pregnancy tests, prenatal sex determination products and services, emergency contraceptive pills, and sexual wellness products such as condoms and personal lubricants. Microsoft does not accept advertising about, or related to abortion, reproductive surrogacy, egg and sperm donation services, paternity tests, pregnancy tests, prenatal sex determination products and services, emergency contraceptive pills, and sexual wellness products such as condoms and personal lubricants. Microsoft does not accept advertising about, or related to abortion, reproductive surrogacy, egg and sperm donation services, paternity tests, pregnancy tests, prenatal sex determination products and services, emergency contraceptive pills, and sexual wellness products such as condoms and personal lubricants. Microsoft does not accept advertising about, or related to abortion, reproductive surrogacy, egg and sperm donation services, paternity tests, pregnancy tests, prenatal sex determination products and services, emergency contraceptive pills, and sexual wellness products such as condoms and personal lubricants. Microsoft does not accept advertising about, or related to abortion, reproductive surrogacy, egg and sperm donation services, paternity tests, pregnancy tests, prenatal sex determination products and services, emergency contraceptive pills, and sexual wellness products such as condoms and personal lubricants. Microsoft does not accept advertising about, or related to abortion, reproductive surrogacy, egg and sperm donation services, paternity tests, pregnancy tests, prenatal sex determination products and services, emergency contraceptive pills, and sexual wellness products such as condoms and personal lubricants. Microsoft does not accept advertising about, or related to abortion, reproductive surrogacy, egg and sperm donation services, paternity tests, pregnancy tests, prenatal sex determination products and services, emergency contraceptive pills, and sexual wellness products such as condoms and personal lubricants. Advertising about or related to abortion is prohibited. Advertising for sexual wellness products such as condoms and personal lubricants is prohibited. Advertising about or related to abortion is prohibited. Advertising for reproductive surrogacy is prohibited. Advertising about or related to abortion is prohibited. Advertising for reproductive surrogacy is prohibited. Advertising for egg and sperm donation services is prohibited. Microsoft does not accept advertising about, or related to abortion, reproductive surrogacy, egg and sperm donation services, paternity tests, pregnancy tests, prenatal sex determination products and services, emergency contraceptive pills, and sexual wellness products such as condoms and personal lubricants. Advertising about or related to abortion is prohibited. Advertising for reproductive surrogacy is prohibited. Advertising for emergency contraceptive pills is prohibited. Microsoft does not accept advertising about, or related to abortion, reproductive surrogacy, egg and sperm donation services, paternity tests, pregnancy tests, prenatal sex determination products and services, emergency contraceptive pills, and sexual wellness products such as condoms and personal lubricants. Microsoft does not accept advertising about, or related to abortion, reproductive surrogacy, egg and sperm donation services, paternity tests, pregnancy tests, prenatal sex determination products and services, emergency contraceptive pills, and sexual wellness products such as condoms and personal lubricants. Advertising about or related to abortion is prohibited. Advertising about or related to abortion is prohibited. Advertising for reproductive surrogacy is prohibited. Advertising about or related to abortion is prohibited. Advertising for emergency contraceptive pills is prohibited. Microsoft does not accept advertising about, or related to abortion, reproductive surrogacy, egg and sperm donation services, paternity tests, pregnancy tests, prenatal sex determination products and services, emergency contraceptive pills, and sexual wellness products such as condoms and personal lubricants. Microsoft does not accept advertising about, or related to abortion, reproductive surrogacy, egg and sperm donation services, paternity tests, pregnancy tests, prenatal sex determination products and services, emergency contraceptive pills, and sexual wellness products such as condoms and personal lubricants. Advertising about or related to abortion is prohibited. 
Advertising for sexual wellness products such as condoms and personal lubricants is prohibited. Microsoft does not accept advertising about, or related to abortion, reproductive surrogacy, egg and sperm donation services, paternity tests, pregnancy tests, prenatal sex determination products and services, emergency contraceptive pills, and sexual wellness products such as condoms and personal lubricants. Microsoft does not accept advertising about, or related to abortion, reproductive surrogacy, egg and sperm donation services, paternity tests, pregnancy tests, prenatal sex determination products and services, emergency contraceptive pills, and sexual wellness products such as condoms and personal lubricants. Microsoft does not accept advertising about, or related to abortion, reproductive surrogacy, egg and sperm donation services, paternity tests, pregnancy tests, prenatal sex determination products and services, emergency contraceptive pills, and sexual wellness products such as condoms and personal lubricants. Microsoft does not accept advertising about, or related to abortion, reproductive surrogacy, egg and sperm donation services, paternity tests, pregnancy tests, prenatal sex determination products and services, emergency contraceptive pills, and sexual wellness products such as condoms and personal lubricants. Microsoft does not accept advertising about, or related to abortion, reproductive surrogacy, egg and sperm donation services, paternity tests, pregnancy tests, prenatal sex determination products and services, emergency contraceptive pills, and sexual wellness products such as condoms and personal lubricants. Microsoft does not accept advertising about, or related to abortion, reproductive surrogacy, egg and sperm donation services, paternity tests, pregnancy tests, prenatal sex determination products and services, emergency contraceptive pills, and sexual wellness products such as condoms and personal lubricants. Microsoft does not accept advertising about, or related to abortion, reproductive surrogacy, egg and sperm donation services, paternity tests, pregnancy tests, prenatal sex determination products and services, emergency contraceptive pills, and sexual wellness products such as condoms and personal lubricants. Microsoft does not accept advertising about, or related to abortion, reproductive surrogacy, egg and sperm donation services, paternity tests, pregnancy tests, prenatal sex determination products and services, emergency contraceptive pills, and sexual wellness products such as condoms and personal lubricants. Microsoft does not accept advertising about, or related to abortion, reproductive surrogacy, egg and sperm donation services, paternity tests, pregnancy tests, prenatal sex determination products and services, emergency contraceptive pills, and sexual wellness products such as condoms and personal lubricants. Microsoft does not accept advertising about, or related to abortion, reproductive surrogacy, egg and sperm donation services, paternity tests, pregnancy tests, prenatal sex determination products and services, emergency contraceptive pills, and sexual wellness products such as condoms and personal lubricants. Microsoft does not accept advertising about, or related to abortion, reproductive surrogacy, egg and sperm donation services, paternity tests, pregnancy tests, prenatal sex determination products and services, emergency contraceptive pills, and sexual wellness products such as condoms and personal lubricants. Microsoft does not accept advertising about, or related to abortion, reproductive surrogacy, egg and sperm donation services, paternity tests, pregnancy tests, prenatal sex determination products and services, emergency contraceptive pills, and sexual wellness products such as condoms and personal lubricants. Microsoft does not accept advertising about, or related to abortion, reproductive surrogacy, egg and sperm donation services, paternity tests, pregnancy tests, prenatal sex determination products and services, emergency contraceptive pills, and sexual wellness products such as condoms and personal lubricants. Microsoft does not accept advertising about, or related to abortion, reproductive surrogacy, egg and sperm donation services, paternity tests, pregnancy tests, prenatal sex determination products and services, emergency contraceptive pills, and sexual wellness products such as condoms and personal lubricants.
-->


## Weight Loss

This policy applies to advertisements promoting products, services, or programs intended to support weight reduction and overall health improvement. They may include, but are not limited to:

- Dietary supplements (e.g., pills, powders, drinks that claim to aid weight loss)
- Meal replacements (e.g., shakes, bars, pre-packaged meals)
- Diet and nutrition plans (e.g., structured eating programs)
- Behavioral therapy (e.g., counseling services addressing eating habits)
- Medical interventions (e.g., prescription medications, bariatric surgery)

- **Prohibited Weight Loss Ad Content**

  The following content is strictly prohibited across all ads. This list is non-exhaustive and subject to updates:

  - Claims that users can lose weight without adopting a healthy lifestyle.
  - Suggestions that weight loss results are guaranteed, universal, or permanent.
  - References to specific amounts or rates of weight loss within a defined timeframe.
  - Assertions of substantial weight loss regardless of diet or behavior.
  - Claims that weight loss can be achieved by wearing or applying a product (e.g., patches, creams).
  - Content that promotes unhealthy eating habits or encourages negative body image or self-perception.
  - Misleading or manipulated “before and after” imagery that projects unrealistic outcomes.
  - Ads must not imply success without lifestyle changes or suggest that failure is impossible.
  - Ads must not reference specific rates or amount of weight loss.

- **Additional Requirements**

  Advertising for weight management, weight loss, and related products or services must comply with the following restrictions:

  - Ads must target 18+ audiences.
  - Ads must encourage users to consult a healthcare professional before beginning any intensive program.
  - Ads for meal replacements must include clear usage instructions and:

    - Must not be misleading or presented as medical treatment, preventative care, or a cure.
    - Nutritional claims must be truthful and substantiated.

<!--
  Market Specific Policies: Select market Algeria American Samoa Antigua and Barbuda Armenia Aruba Azerbaijan Bahamas Bahrain Bangladesh Barbados Belize Benin Bolivia Botswana Brunei Bulgaria Burkina Faso Cameroon Central African Republic Comoros Congo Congo (DRC) Cook Islands Costa Rica Cote d'Ivoire Croatia Djibouti Dominica Dominican Republic Ecuador Egypt El Salvador Eritrea Ethiopia European Union Faroe Islands Fiji Gabon Gambia Georgia Greenland Grenada Guam Guatemala Guinea Guinea-Bissau Guyana Haiti Honduras Iraq Ireland Israel Jamaica Kyrgyzstan Lesotho Libya Macao Macedonia Madagascar Malawi Maldives Marshall Islands Mauritania Mauritius Moldova Mongolia Namibia Nauru Nepal Niger Nigeria Niue Northern Mariana Islands Oman Pakistan Palau Panama Paraguay Puerto Rico Qatar Rwanda Saint Kitts and Nevis Saint Lucia Saint Vincent and the Grenadines Samoa Saudi Arabia Senegal Serbia Seychelles Sierra Leone Slovenia Somalia South Africa Spain Sri Lanka Suriname Tajikistan Tanzania Togo Tokelau Tonga Trinidad and Tobago Tunisia Tuvalu Uganda United Arab Emirates United Kingdom United States Uruguay Vanuatu Virgin Islands (U.S.) Yemen Zambia Zimbabwe Please select a market from the dropdown menu above. Advertising for weight loss products and services is not allowed. Advertising for weight loss products and services is not allowed. Advertising for weight loss products and services is not allowed. Advertising for weight loss products and services is not allowed. Advertising for weight loss products and services is not allowed. Advertising for weight loss products and services is not allowed. Advertising for weight loss products and services is not allowed. Advertising for weight loss products and services is not allowed. Advertising for weight loss products and services is not allowed.. Advertising for weight loss products and services is not allowed. Advertising for weight loss products and services is not allowed. Advertising for weight loss products and services is not allowed. Advertising for weight loss products and services is not allowed. Advertising for weight loss products and services is not allowed. Advertising for weight loss products and services is not allowed. Weight loss programs must not be advertised as or represent non-conventional treatments. Advertising for weight loss products and services is not allowed. Advertising for weight loss products and services is not allowed. Advertising for weight loss products and services is not allowed. Advertising for weight loss products and services is not allowed. Advertising for weight loss products and services is not allowed. Advertising for weight loss products and services is not allowed. Advertising for weight loss products and services is not allowed. Advertising for weight loss products and services is not allowed. Advertising for weight loss products and services is not allowed. Advertising for weight loss products and services is not allowed. Advertising for weight loss products and services is not allowed. Advertising for weight loss products and services is not allowed. Advertising for weight loss products and services is not allowed. Advertising for weight loss products and services is not allowed. Advertising for weight loss products and services is not allowed. Advertising for weight loss products and services is not allowed. Advertising for weight loss products and services is not allowed. Advertising for weight loss products and services is not allowed. Advertising for weight loss products cannot refer to the rate or amount of weight loss. Ads for diet replacement for weight control must provide information on the appropriate use and must not be misleading or attribute prophylactic properties, treatment, or curing of human disease. Advertising for weight loss products and services is not allowed. Advertising for weight loss products and services is not allowed. Advertising for weight loss products and services is not allowed. Advertising for weight loss products and services is not allowed. Advertising for weight loss products and services is not allowed. Advertising for weight loss products and services is not allowed. Advertising for weight loss products and services is not allowed. Advertising for weight loss products and services is not allowed. Advertising for weight loss products and services is not allowed. Advertising for weight loss products and services is not allowed. Advertising for weight loss products and services is not allowed. Advertising for weight loss products and services is not allowed. Advertising for weight loss products and services is not allowed. Advertising for weight loss products and services is not allowed. NAdvertising for weight loss products and services is not allowed. Weight reduction methods must be backed by rigorous trials on people. Advertising for weight loss products and services is not allowed. Advertising for weight loss products and services is not allowed. Advertising for weight loss products and services is not allowed. Advertising for weight loss products and services is not allowed. Advertising for weight loss products and services is not allowed. Advertising for weight loss products and services is not allowed. Advertising for weight loss products cannot refer to the rate or amount of weight loss. Ads for diet replacement for weight control must provide information on the appropriate use and must not be misleading or attribute prophylactic properties, treatment, or curing of human disease. Advertising for weight loss products and services is not allowed. Advertising for weight loss products and services is not allowed. Advertising for weight loss products and services is not allowed. Advertising for weight loss products and services is not allowed. Advertising for weight loss products and services is not allowed. Advertising for weight loss products and services is not allowed. Advertising for weight loss products and services is not allowed. Advertising for weight loss products and services is not allowed. Advertising for weight loss products and services is not allowed. Advertising for weight loss products and services is not allowed. Advertising for weight loss products and services is not allowed. Advertising for weight loss products and services is not allowed. Advertising for weight loss products and services is not allowed. Advertising for weight loss products and services is not allowed. Advertising for weight loss products and services is not allowed. Advertising for weight loss products and services is not allowed. Advertising for weight loss products and services is not allowed. Advertising for weight loss products and services is not allowed. Advertising for weight loss products and services is not allowed. Advertising for weight loss products and services is not allowed. Advertising for weight loss products and services is not allowed. Advertising for weight loss products and services is not allowed. Advertising for weight loss products and services is not allowed. Advertising for weight loss products and services is not allowed. Advertising for weight loss products and services is not allowed. Advertising for weight loss products and services is not allowed. Advertising for weight loss products and services is not allowed. Advertising for weight loss products and services is not allowed. Advertising for weight loss products and services is not allowed. Ads for weight loss products and services cannot reference the rate of weight loss or the average mass that can be lost because of the use of the product or service. Advertising for weight loss products and services is not allowed. Advertising for weight loss products and services is not allowed. Advertising weight loss should not offer treatments for medical conditions that require medical treatment, such as obesity, anorexia, and bulimia. Advertising for weight loss products and services is not allowed. Advertising for weight management, weight loss, measurement reduction, and related content must be made in conjunction with reference to sensible lifestyle factors such as diet and exercise. Weight reduction methods must be backed by rigorous trials on people. Advertising for weight loss products and services is not allowed. Advertising for weight loss products and services is not allowed. Advertising for weight loss products and services is not allowed. Advertising for weight loss products and services is not allowed. Advertising for weight loss products and services is not allowed. Advertising for weight loss products and services is not allowed. Advertising for weight loss products and services is not allowed. Advertising for weight loss products and services is not allowed. Advertising for weight loss products and services is not allowed. Advertising for weight loss products and services is not allowed. Advertising for weight loss products and services is not allowed. Advertising for weight loss products and services is not allowed. Weight reduction methods must be backed by rigorous trials on people. All compounded weight loss drugs must be labeled in accordance with the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) requirement, including “This is a compounded drug” or equivalent disclaimer. Labels must not suggest or imply that the drug has been reviewed, approved, or endorsed by the FDA. Advertising for weight loss products and services is not allowed. Advertising for weight loss products and services is not allowed. Advertising for weight loss products and services is not allowed. Advertising for weight loss products and services is not allowed. Advertising for weight loss products and services is not allowed. Advertising for weight loss products and services is not allowed.
-->


## What Happens When an Ad Policy is Violated

The penalty varies by the nature of the violation, and the number of violations. [Learn More](hlp_BA_CONC_Policy_ImpactToYourMicrosoftAdsAccount.md)

> [!NOTE]
> Go back to [Restricted Content](hlp_BA_CONC_Policy_RestrictedContent.md)

## Additional resources

- [Exception process](hlp_BA_PROC_RequestException.md)
- [History of changes to policies (change log)](hlp_BA_CONC_Policy_ChangeLog.md)
- [Publisher preferences](hlp_BA_CONC_PublisherPreferences.md)
- [Contact us](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?linkid=2189081)
- [Pilot programs policies](hlp_BA_CONC_Policy_PilotPrograms.md)
- [CN pilot for policy](https://help.ads.microsoft.com/resources/microsoft_advertising_policy/microsoft-advertising-pilot-policy-cn.pdf)
