---
title: Auto-generated remarketing lists
ms.service: msa-help
ms.subservice: msa-audience-display-video
ms.topic: article
author: jonmeyers
ms.author: jonmeyers
ms.date: 6/18/2026
description: Remarketing lists that are generated by Microsoft Advertising.
---

# Auto-generated remarketing lists

Auto-generated remarketing lists are those that Microsoft Advertising creates automatically for you. These lists help you re-engage with people who are most likely to convert. There are three types of auto-generated remarketing lists:

- **All Visitors**. People who have visited your website.
- **All Converters**. People who have converted.
- **Smart remarketing**. People who are likely to convert. Smart remarketing is powered by Microsoft Advertising's audience intelligence and designed to deliver a higher conversion rate.

> [!NOTE]
> We use a membership duration of up to 180 days for auto-generated remarketing lists.

> [!IMPORTANT]
> You must have a Universal Event Tracking (UET) tag to use any auto-generated remarketing list type. For All Converters and Smart remarketing lists, you must also have active conversion goals in place. Learn more about [Universal Event Tracking]( hlp_BA_CONC_UETv2WhatIsTag.md) and [conversion goals](hlp_BA_CONC_UETv2CTGoalType.md).

## View your auto-generated remarketing lists

1. From the navigation menu on the left, select **Tools** > **Audiences**. **Note**: You will see a confirmation message that lets you know new auto-generated lists are available.

## Create associations for auto-generated remarketing lists

1. From the navigation menu on the left, hover over **Campaigns** and select **Audiences**.
1. Select **Create association**.
1. Select the ad group or campaign you want to associate with one or more audiences.
1. Under **Ad group targeting** or **Campaign targeting**, select **Remarketing lists** for All converters or All visitors lists, or select **Combined lists** for Smart remarketing lists.
1. Select your **Targeting setting**:

   - **Bid only**: Ads in this ad group or campaign can show to everyone but the bid adjustment will apply to people included in the audience.
   - **Target and bid**: This setting limits your ads to people in your selected audiences. You may choose to make bid adjustments for those audiences.
1. Adjust the **Default bid adjustment**. By default, new targeting associations are set to 15%, however, the bid adjustment can range from -90% to +900%.
1. Under **Ad group exclusions** or **Campaign exclusions**, select the audience you want to exclude.
1. Select **Save**.
